

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000091388-15-000015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		13
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141228
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150325
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150325
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SMITHFIELD FOODS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000091388
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEAT PACKING PLANTS [2011]
		IRS NUMBER:				520845861
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1229
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15321
		FILM NUMBER:		15723445
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 COMMERCE STREET
		STREET 2:		EXECUTIVE OFFICE BUILDING
		CITY:			SMITHFIELD
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23430
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7573653000
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 COMMERCE STREET
		STREET 2:		EXECUTIVE OFFICE BUILDING
		CITY:			SMITHFIELD
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23430
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LIBERTY EQUITIES CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19710221
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LIBERTY REAL ESTATE TRUST
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19661113












		


Washington
December 28
SMITHFIELD FOODS
Smithfield
(Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&#160;405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
June&#160;27
 2014
 there was no established public trading market for the common stock of the registrant and therefore
March&#160;25
 2015
1
SMITHFIELD FOODS
Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Directors
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
Smithfield Foods
 Inc.
 together with its subsidiaries (the &#8220;Company
&#8221; Smithfield, &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us&#8221; or &#8220;our&#8221;)
 began as a pork processing operation called The Smithfield Packing Company
 founded in 1936 by Joseph W. Luter and his son
 Joseph W. Luter
 Jr. Through a series of acquisitions starting in 1981
We produce and market a wide variety of fresh meat and packaged meats products both domestically and internationally.&#160;&#160;We operate in a cyclical industry and our results are affected by fluctuations in commodity prices. Additionally
We conduct our operations through five reportable segments: Fresh Pork
 Packaged Meats
 Hog Production
 International and Corporate.  The Fresh Pork segment consists of our U.S. fresh pork operations. The Packaged Meats segment consists of our U.S. packaged meats operations. The Hog Production segment consists of our U.S. hog production operations. The International segment is comprised mainly of our meat processing and distribution operations in Poland
 Romania and the United Kingdom
 our interests in meat processing operations
 mainly in Western Europe and Mexico
On September&#160;26
 2013 (the Merger Date)
 pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated May&#160;28
 2013 (the Merger Agreement) with WH Group Limited
 formerly Shuanghui International Holdings Limited
 a corporation formed under the laws of the Cayman Islands hereinafter referred to as WH Group
 the Company merged with Sun Merger Sub
 Inc.
 a Virginia corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of WH Group (Merger Sub)
 in a transaction hereinafter referred to as the Merger. As a result of the Merger
The Merger has enabled Smithfield to continue to execute on its strategic priorities while maintaining brand excellence and its commitment to environmental stewardship and animal welfare. We have established Smithfield as the world's leading vertically integrated pork processor and hog producer with best-in-class operations and outstanding food safety practices. Operationally
 we have become part of an enterprise that shares our belief in global opportunities and our commitment to the highest standards of product safety and quality. With our shared expertise and leadership
On January 16
 2014
 the Company elected to change its fiscal year end from the 52 or 53 week period which previously ended on the Sunday nearest to April 30 to the 52 or 53 week period which ends on the Sunday nearest to December 31. The change became effective at the end of the period ended December 29
 2013.  Unless otherwise noted
December 28
The Fresh Pork segment consists of our U.S. fresh pork operations. The Fresh Pork segment produces a wide variety of fresh pork products in the U.S. and markets them nationwide and to numerous foreign markets
 including China
 Japan
 Mexico
 Russia and Canada.  We process hogs at nine plants (six in the Midwest and three in the Southeast)
116
200
. A substantial portion of our fresh pork is sold to retail customers as unprocessed
 trimmed cuts such as butts
 loins (including roasts and chops)
 picnics and ribs.  Our product lines also include leaner fresh pork products. 
. We produce a wide variety of packaged meats
 including smoked and boiled hams
 bacon
 sausage
 hot dogs (pork
 beef and chicken)
 deli and luncheon meats
 specialty products such as pepperoni
 dry meat products
 and ready-to-eat
 prepared foods such as pre-cooked entrees and pre-cooked bacon and sausage. We market our domestic packaged meats products under a number of labels including the following core brand names: Smithfield
 Farmland
 John Morrell
 Gwaltney
 Armour
 Eckrich
 Margherita
 Carando
 Kretschmar
 Cook&#8217;s
Our product lines also include lower-fat and lower-salt packaged meats.  We also market a line of lower-fat
 value-priced luncheon meats
 smoked sausage and hot dogs
 as well as fat-free deli hams and 40% lower-fat bacon.&#160;
As a complement to our Fresh Pork and Packaged Meats segments
894
&#32;sows
The profitability of hog production is directly related to the market price of live hogs and the cost of feed grains such as corn and soybean meal. The Hog Production segment generates higher profits when hog prices are high and feed grain prices are low
 and lower profits (or losses) when hog prices are low and feed grain prices are high.  In addition
 with the importance of food safety to the consumer
December 28
April 29 - December 29
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
Consists primarily of grains
We own certain genetic lines of breeding stock
 under the name Smithfield Premium Genetics (SPG). The Hog Production segment makes extensive use of these genetic lines
894
&#32;SPG breeding sows. In addition
We use advanced management techniques to produce premium quality hogs on a large scale at a low cost. We develop breeding stock
 optimize diets for our hogs at each stage of the growth process
 process feed for our hogs and design hog containment facilities. We believe our economies of scale and production methods
 together with our use of the advanced SPG genetics
 make us a low cost producer of premium quality hogs. We also utilize independent farmers and their facilities to raise hogs produced from our breeding stock. Under multi-year contracts
 a farmer provides the initial facility investment
 labor and front line management in exchange for a service fee. In 
The International segment includes our meat processing and distribution operations in Poland
 Romania and the United Kingdom
 our interests in meat processing operations
 mainly in Western Europe and Mexico
 our hog production operations located in Poland and Romania and our interests in hog production operations in Mexico. Our international meat processing operations produce a wide variety of fresh pork
 beef
 poultry and packaged meats products
 including cooked hams
 sausages
 hot dogs
 bacon and canned meats. Our interests in international meat processing operations include a 37% stake in Campofr&#237;o Food Group (CFG)
 a leading European packaged meats company headquartered in Madrid
 Spain
The following table shows the percentages of International segment revenues derived from packaged meats
December 28
April 29 - December 29
April&#160;28
April 29
Includes feathers
The International segment has sales denominated in foreign currencies and
 as a result
Feed grains
 including corn
 soybean meal and wheat
 are the primary raw materials of our hog production operations. These grains are readily available from numerous sources at competitive prices. We generally purchase corn and soybean meal through forward purchase contracts. Historically
 grain prices have been subject to significant fluctuations
Live hogs are the primary raw materials of the Fresh Pork segment. Historically
 hog prices have been subject to substantial fluctuations. Hog supplies
 and consequently prices
 are affected by factors such as corn and soybean meal prices
. In addition
 we have established multi-year agreements with several suppliers
Like the Fresh Pork segment
A substantial portion of the fresh meat processed by the Packaged Meats segment is transferred from the Fresh Pork segment.  We also purchase fresh pork from other meat processors to supplement our processing requirements. Additional purchases include raw beef
 poultry and other meat products that are added to sausages
 hot dogs and luncheon meats. Those meat products and other materials and supplies
 including seasonings
 smoking and curing agents
 sausage casings and packaging materials
Our hog production facilities have been designed to meet or exceed all applicable zoning and other government regulations. These regulations require
 among other things
 maintenance of separation distances between farms and nearby residences
 schools
 churches
 public use areas
 businesses
 rivers
Hog production facilities generate significant quantities of manure
 which must be managed properly to protect public health and the environment. We believe that we use the best technologies currently available and economically feasible for the management of swine manure
 which require permits under state
 and in some instances
 federal law. The permits impose standards and conditions on the design and operation of the systems to protect public health and the environment
 and can also impose nutrient management planning requirements depending on the type of system utilized. The most common system of swine manure management employed by our hog production facilities is the lagoon and spray field system
We follow a number of other policies and protocols to reduce the impact of our hog production operations on the environment
We have significant market presence
 both domestically and internationally
 where we sell our meat products to national and regional supermarket chains
 wholesale distributors
 the foodservice industry (fast food
 restaurant and hotel chains
 hospitals and other institutional customers)
 export markets and other further processors. We use both in-house salespersons as well as independent commission brokers to sell our products. In 
3
&#32;customers
 none of whom accounted for as much as 10% of consolidated revenues. We have no significant or seasonally variable backlog because most customers prefer to order products shortly before shipment and
 therefore
We use a combination of private fleets of leased tractor trailers and independent common carriers and owner operators to distribute live hogs and meat products to our customers
 as well as to move raw materials between plants for further processing. We coordinate deliveries and use backhauling to reduce overall transportation costs. In the U.S.
 we distribute products directly from some of our plants and from leased distribution centers primarily in Missouri
 Pennsylvania
 North Carolina
 Virginia
 Kansas
 Wisconsin
 Indiana
 Illinois
 California
 Iowa
 Nebraska and Texas. We also operate distribution centers adjacent to our plants in Bladen County
 North Carolina
 Sioux Falls
 South Dakota and Crete
 Nebraska. Internationally
We own and use numerous marks
 which are registered trademarks or are otherwise subject to protection under applicable intellectual property laws. We consider these marks and the accompanying goodwill and customer recognition valuable and material to our business. We believe that registered trademarks have been important to the success of our branded fresh pork and packaged meats products. In a number of markets
The meat processing business is somewhat seasonal in that
 traditionally
 the periods of higher sales for hams are the holiday seasons such as Christmas
 Easter and Thanksgiving
 and the periods of higher sales for smoked sausages
 hot dogs and luncheon meats are the summer months.  We typically build substantial inventories of hams in anticipation of our seasonal holiday business. In addition
The protein industry is highly competitive. Our products compete with a large number of other protein sources
 including chicken
 beef and seafood
We believe that the principal competitive factors in the pork processing industry are price
 product quality and innovation
 product distribution and brand loyalty. Some of our competitors are more diversified than us
 especially now that we have sold our beef and turkey operations. To the extent that their other operations generate profits
 these more diversified competitors may be able to support their meat processing operations during periods of low or negative profitability.&#160;
 
 
eight months ended December 29
 2013
twelve months ended April 28
twelve months ended April 29
 2012
Financial information for each reportable segment
 including revenues and operating profit
We are exposed to market risks primarily from changes in commodity prices
 as well as interest rates and foreign exchange rates. To mitigate these risks
Like other participants in the industry
 we are subject to various laws and regulations administered by federal
 state and other government entities
 including the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and corresponding state agencies
 as well as the United States Department of Agriculture
 the Grain Inspection
 Packers and Stockyard Administration
 the United States Food and Drug Administration
 the United States Occupational Safety and Health Administration
From time to time
 we receive notices and inquiries from regulatory authorities and others asserting that we are not in compliance with particular laws and regulations. In some instances
 litigation ensues. In addition
Many of our facilities are subject to environmental permits and other regulatory requirements
 violations of which are subject to civil and criminal sanction. In some cases
We use internationally recognized management systems to manage many of our regulatory programs. For example
 we use the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 14001:2004 standard to manage and optimize environmental performance
 and we were the first in the industry to achieve ISO 14001:2004 certification for our hog production and processing facilities. ISO guidelines require a long-term management plan integrating regular third-party audits
 goal setting
 corrective action
 documentation
 and executive review. Our Environmental Management System (EMS)
 which conforms to the ISO 14001:2004 standard
 addresses the significant environmental aspects of our operations
 provides employee training programs and facilitates engagement with local communities and regulators. Most importantly
 the EMS allows the collection
In March 2011
 the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit overturned&#160;EPA's November 2008&#160;rule requiring&#160;that&#160;confined animal feeding operations&#160;(CAFOs)&#160;that &#8220;discharge or propose to discharge&#8221; apply for&#160;permit coverage under the Clean Water Act's&#160;National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES). The&#160;Fifth Circuit's decision (which held that only discharging CAFOs have a duty to apply for NPDES permit coverage)&#160;has clarified the extent of our&#160;obligations under the NPDES permit program.&#160;EPA has not yet proposed or finalized a rule in response to the Fifth Circuit's decision
During calendar year 2002
 the National Academy of Sciences (the Academy) undertook a study at EPA's request to assist EPA in considering possible future regulation of air emissions from animal feeding operations. The Academy's study identified a need for more research and better information
 but also recommended implementing without delay technically and economically feasible management practices to decrease emissions. Further
 our hog production subsidiaries have accepted EPA's offer to enter into an administrative consent agreement and order with owners and operators of hog farms and other animal production operations. Under the terms of the consent agreement and order
 participating owners and operators agreed to pay a penalty
 contribute towards the cost of an air emissions monitoring study and make their farms available for monitoring. In return
 participating farms have been given immunity from federal civil enforcement actions alleging violations of air emissions requirements under certain federal statutes
 including the Clean Air Act. Pursuant to our consent agreement and order
 we paid a $100
000 penalty to EPA. Premium Standard Farm
 Inc.'s (PSF's) (now Murphy-Brown of Missouri LLC's ) Texas farms and company-owned farms in North Carolina also agreed to participate in this program. The National Pork Board
 of which we are a member and financial contributor
 paid the costs of the air emissions monitoring study on behalf of all hog producers
 including us
 out of funds collected from its members in previous years. The cost of the study for all hog producers was approximately $6.0 million. Monitoring under the study began in the spring 2007 and ended&#160;in the winter 2010.  In March 2012
 EPA made available draft emission estimation methodologies for broilers and swine and dairy feeding operations for public comment.&#160; Soon thereafter
 EPA also submitted the draft emission estimation methodologies to EPA&#8217;s Science Advisory Board (&#8220;SAB&#8221;) for review and comment.&#160; In its April 19
 2013 report to EPA
In calendar year 2009
 EPA finalized its Mandatory Reporting of Greenhouse Gases (GHGs) rule
 which requires owners or operators of certain facilities (including facilities that contain a manure management system) that emit at least 25
000 metric tons or more of GHGs per year to report their emissions. Although EPA has not been implementing the rule as it applies to manure management systems due to a congressional restriction prohibiting the expenditure of funds for this purpose
 there is no assurance that this prohibition will not be lifted in the future. Should that occur
 the rule would impose additional costs on our hog production operations; however
The EPA finalized regulations in calendar year 2010 under the Clean Air Act
 which may trigger new source review and permitting requirements for certain sources of GHG emissions. Beginning in early 2011
 when GHG emissions standards for light-duty vehicles took effect
 permits issued under the Clean Air Act permitting programs for large stationary sources of air pollution - the Prevention of Significant Deterioration (PSD) and the Title V Operating Permit Programs - must address GHGs.&#160; In April 2012
 EPA issued the GHG Tailoring Rule to ensure that only the largest sources of GHGs
 those responsible for 70 percent of the GHG pollution from stationary sources
As in virtually every industry
 GHG emissions occur at several points across our operations
 including production
 transportation and processing. Compliance with future legislation
 if any
 and compliance with currently evolving regulation of GHGs by EPA and the states may result in increased compliance costs
 capital expenditures
 and operating costs. In the event that any future compliance requirements at any of our facilities require more than the sustainability measures that we are currently undertaking to monitor emissions and improve our energy efficiency
As an agriculture-based company
 changes to the climate and weather patterns could also affect key inputs to our business as the result of shifts in temperatures
 water availability
 precipitation
 and other factors. Both the cost and availability of corn and other feed crops
 for example
 could be affected.&#160;The regulation or taxation of carbon emissions could also affect the prices of commodities
 energy
 and other inputs to our business.&#160;We believe there could also be opportunities for us as a result of heightened interest in alternative energy sources
 including those derived from manure
 and participation in carbon markets.&#160;However
 it is not possible at this time to predict the complete structure or outcome of any future legislative efforts to address GHG emissions and climate change
 whether EPA's regulatory efforts will survive court challenge
From time to time we receive notices from regulatory authorities and others asserting that we are not in compliance with certain environmental laws and regulations. In some instances
In March 2006
 we entered into a consent decree that settled two citizen lawsuits alleging among other things violations of certain environmental laws. The consent decree provides
 among other things
 that our subsidiary
 Murphy-Brown LLC
 will undertake a series of measures designed to enhance the performance of the swine waste management systems on approximately 244 company-owned farms in North Carolina and thereby reduce the potential for surface water or ground water contamination from these farms. Murphy-Brown has successfully completed&#160;a number&#160;of the measures called for in the&#160;consent decree&#160;and&#160;expects to&#160;fulfill its remaining&#160;consent decree obligations over the next 12 to 24 months
Prior to our acquisition of PSF
 it had entered into a consent judgment with the State of Missouri and a consent decree with the federal government and a citizens group. The judgment and decree generally required that PSF pay penalties to settle past alleged regulatory violations
 utilize new technologies to reduce nitrogen in the material that it applies to farm fields and research
PSF has also completed a number of the measures called for in the federal consent decree
In July 2000
 in furtherance of our continued commitment to responsible environmental stewardship
 we and our North Carolina-based hog production subsidiaries voluntarily entered into an agreement with the Attorney General of North Carolina (the Agreement) designed to enhance water quality in the State of North Carolina through a series of initiatives to be undertaken by us and our subsidiaries while protecting access to swine operations in North Carolina. One of the features of the Agreement reflects our commitment to preserving and enhancing the environment of eastern North Carolina by providing a total of $50.0 million to assist in the preservation of wetlands and other natural areas in eastern North Carolina and to promote similar environmental enhancement activities. We began annual contributions of $2.0 million in fiscal 2001
More than a decade ago
 Smithfield developed and implemented a comprehensive
 systematic animal care management program to monitor and measure the well-being of pigs on company-owned and contract farms.  Developed in consultation with two of the world's foremost experts in animal behavior and handling
 this system continues to guide our operations today.  Our animal care management program guides the proper and humane care of our animals at every stage of their lives
shelter that is designed
 maintained
Several years ago
 we volunteered to provide input and recommendations to help the National Pork Board enhance its animal care management program for all pork producers. That program
 which includes many of the tenets of our own guidelines
 became the National Pork Board's Pork Quality Assurance Plus (PQA Plus&#174;) program. A pork producer becomes PQA Plus certified only after staff attend training sessions on good production practices (which includes topics such as responsible animal handling
 disease prevention
 biosecurity
 responsible antibiotic use
Smithfield was also one of the founding adopters of the National Pork Board's &#8220;We Care&#8221; program
At all of our slaughter facilities
Our plants all have developed quality programs following the standards set in the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Process Verified Program (PVP)
 as described elsewhere in this report. Our PVP programs monitor aspects of traceability
 country of origin
 PQA Plus&#174; adherence on farms
In January 2007
 we announced a voluntary
 ten-year program to phase out individual gestation stalls at our company-owned sow farms and replace the gestation stalls with group pens. We currently estimate the total cost of our transition to group pens to be approximately $360.0 million
 including associated maintenance and repairs. This program represents a significant financial commitment and reflects our desire to be more animal friendly
 as well as to address the concerns and needs of our customers. As of the end of 2014
In January 2014
The following table shows the approximate number of our employees and the approximate number of employees covered by collective bargaining agreements or that are members of labor unions in each segment
December&#160;28
32
17
10
4
48
18
1
. The information on our website is not part of this annual report. Our annual report on Form 10-K
 transition report on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after filing or furnishing the material to the SEC. You may read and copy documents we file at the SEC&#8217;s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 N.E.
 Washington D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for information on the public reference room. The SEC maintains a website that contains transition
 annual
 quarterly and current reports and other information that issuers and voluntary reporting companies
 like us
The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The risk factors below represent what we believe are the known material risk factors with respect to us and our business. Any of the following risks could materially adversely affect our business
 operations
 industry
We are largely dependent on the cost and supply of hogs and feed ingredients and the selling price of our products and competing protein products
competing demand for corn for use in the manufacture of ethanol or other alternative fuels
environmental and conservation regulations
import and export restrictions such as trade barriers resulting from
 among other things
 food safety concerns and developments in international relations
economic conditions
weather
 including the impact of weather on our water supply and the availability and pricing of grains
energy prices
 including the effect of changes in energy prices on our transportation costs and the cost of feed
We cannot assure you that all or part of any increased costs experienced by us from time to time can be passed along to consumers of our products
Hog prices demonstrate a cyclical nature over periods of years
 changing market supply and demand of hogs on the market. These fluctuations can be significant
 as shown in recent years
twelve months ended April 28
&#32;per hundredweight in 2014.  Further
 hog raising costs are largely dependent on the fluctuations of commodity prices for corn and other feed ingredients. For example
twelve months ended April 28
twelve months ended May 1
twelve months ended April 28
 2013
 our non-vertically integrated competitors (i.e.
Additionally
 commodity pork prices demonstrate a cyclical nature over periods of years
 reflecting changes in the supply of fresh pork and competing animal proteins on the market
We attempt to manage certain of these risks through the use of our risk management and hedging programs. However
 these programs may also limit our ability to participate in gains from favorable commodity fluctuations. Additionally
Outbreaks of disease among or attributed to livestock can significantly affect production
 the supply of raw materials
We take precautions to ensure that our livestock are healthy and that our processing plants and other facilities operate in a sanitary manner. Nevertheless
 we are subject to risks relating to our ability to maintain animal health and control diseases. Livestock health problems could adversely impact our production
From time to time
 we have experienced outbreaks of livestock diseases and we may experience additional occurrences of disease in the future. Disease can reduce the number of offspring produced
 hamper the growth of livestock to finished size
 result in expensive vaccination programs and require in some cases the destruction of infected livestock
 any of which could adversely affect our production or ability to sell or export our products.  For example
 during 2013
Adverse publicity concerning any disease or health concern could also cause customers to lose confidence in the safety and quality of our food products
 particularly as we expand our branded pork products. In addition to risks associated with maintaining the health of our livestock
 any outbreak of disease elsewhere in the U.S. or in other countries could reduce consumer confidence in the meat products affected by the particular disease
 generate adverse publicity
Outbreaks of disease among or attributed to livestock also may have indirect consequences that adversely affect our business. For example
 past outbreaks of avian influenza in various parts of the world reduced the global demand for poultry and thus created a temporary surplus of poultry both domestically and internationally. This poultry surplus placed downward pressure on poultry prices
 which in turn reduced meat prices including pork prices both in the U.S. and internationally.  The occurrence of similar events in the future could materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition
Our operations are subject to the general risks associated with the food industry
We are subject to risks affecting the food industry generally
food spoilage
food contamination
food allergens
evolving consumer preferences and nutritional and health-related concerns
consumer product liability claims
product tampering
product labeling errors
the expense and possible unavailability of product liability insurance
Negative publicity relating to our products
 brands
 operations
 industry or products similar to ours may adversely affect consumer perceptions of our products and result in decreased demand for our products.  In particular
 negative publicity relating to one of our 12 core brands may be particularly harmful since we face risks from brand concentration.  Adverse publicity concerning any perceived or real health risk associated with our brands or our products could also cause customers to lose confidence in the safety and quality of our food products
 which could adversely affect our ability to sell our reputation
 business
 financial condition
 results of operation and prospects
 particularly as we expand our branded products business. We could also be adversely affected by perceived or real health risks associated with similar products produced by others to the extent such risks cause customers to lose confidence in the safety and quality of such products generally and
 therefore
 lead customers to opt for other meat options that are perceived as safe. The A(H1N1) influenza outbreak that occurred in late fiscal 2009 and early fiscal 2010 illustrates the adverse impact that can result from perceived health risks associated with the products we sell. Although the CDC and other regulatory and scientific bodies indicated that people cannot get A(H1N1) influenza from eating cooked pork or pork products
Our products are susceptible to contamination by disease producing organisms or pathogens
 such as Listeria monocytogenes
 Salmonella
 Campylobacter and generic E. coli. Because these organisms and pathogens are generally found in the environment
 there is a risk that one or more
 as a result of food processing
 could be present in our products. We have systems in place designed to monitor food safety risks throughout all stages of our vertically integrated process. However
 we cannot assure you that such systems
 even when working effectively
 will eliminate the risks related to food safety. These organisms and pathogens can also be introduced to our products as a result of improper handling in transportation or at the further processing
 foodservice or consumer level. In addition to the risks caused by our processing operations and the subsequent handling of the products
 we may encounter the same risks if any third party tampers with our products. We could be required to recall certain of our products in the event of contamination or adverse test results. Any product contamination also could subject us to product liability claims
 adverse publicity and government scrutiny
 investigation or intervention
 resulting in increased costs and decreased sales as customers lose confidence in the safety and quality of our food products. Any of these events could have an adverse impact on our reputation
 business
 financial condition
Our manufacturing facilities and products
 including the processing
 packaging
 storage
 distribution
 advertising and labeling of our products
 are subject to extensive federal
 state and foreign laws and regulations in the food safety area
 including regular government inspections and governmental food processing controls. Loss of or failure to obtain necessary permits and registrations could delay or prevent us from meeting current product demand
 introducing new products
 building new facilities or acquiring new businesses and could adversely affect operating results. If we are found to be out of compliance with applicable laws and regulations
 particularly if it relates to or compromises food safety
 we could be subject to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls or asset seizures
 as well as potential criminal sanctions
 any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and prospects.  In addition
Our past and present business operations and properties are subject to extensive and increasingly stringent federal
 state
 local and foreign laws and regulations pertaining to protection of the environment
the treatment and&#160;discharge of materials into the environment
Failure to comply with these laws and regulations or any future changes to them may result in significant consequences to us
 including administrative
 civil and criminal penalties
 liability for damages and negative publicity. Some requirements applicable to us may also be enforced by citizen groups or other third parties. Natural disasters
 such as flooding and hurricanes
 can cause the discharge of effluents or other waste into the environment
 potentially resulting in our being subject to further liability claims and governmental regulation as has occurred in the past. See &#8220;Item 1. Business&#8212;Regulation&#8221; for further discussion of regulatory compliance as it relates to environmental risk. We have incurred
 and will continue to incur
We also face the risk of lawsuits even if we are operating in compliance with applicable regulations. For example
 26 nuisance suits seeking recovery of an unspecified amount of compensatory
 special and punitive damages
 as well as unspecified injunctive and equitable relief are currently pending against our subsidiary Murphy-Brown in North Carolina. See &#8220;Item 3. Legal Proceedings--North Carolina Nuisance Litigation&#8221; for additional details. Although the Company believes that the claims are unfounded and intends to defend the suits vigorously
 we cannot assure you that we will be successful
 that additional nuisance claims will not arise in the future
In addition
 new environmental issues could arise that would cause currently unanticipated investigations
Governmental authorities may take further action restricting our ability to produce and/or sell livestock or adopt new regulations impacting our production or processing operations
A number of states
 including Iowa and Missouri
 have adopted legislation that prohibits or restricts the ability of meat packers
 or in some cases corporations generally
 from owning livestock or engaging in farming. In addition
 Congress has in the past considered federal legislation that would ban meat packers from owning livestock. We cannot assure you that such or similar legislation affecting our operations will not be adopted at the federal or state levels in the future. Such legislation
 if adopted and applicable to our current operations and not successfully challenged or settled
In fiscal 2008
December&#160;28
 2014
&#32;for leases that were transferred to JBS S.A. in connection with the sale of Smithfield Beef
 Inc.; and
&#32;(the Inventory Revolver)
 (2) our accounts receivable securitization facility with capacity up to 
Because the borrowing capacity under the Inventory Revolver and Securitization Facility depend
 in part
 on inventory and accounts receivable levels
 respectively
 which fluctuate from time to time
Our indebtedness may increase from time to time for various reasons
 including fluctuations in operating results
 working capital needs
 capital expenditures and potential acquisitions or joint ventures. In addition
 due to the volatile nature of the commodities markets
 we may have to borrow significant amounts to cover any margin calls under our risk management and hedging programs. During 
it may
 together with the financial and other restrictive covenants in the agreements governing our indebtedness
 limit or impair our ability in the future to obtain financing
 refinance any of our indebtedness
 sell assets or raise equity on commercially reasonable terms or at all
 which could cause us to default on our obligations and materially impair our liquidity
a downgrade in our credit rating could restrict or impede our ability to access capital markets at attractive rates and increase the cost of future borrowings
it may reduce our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions or to take advantage of business opportunities that may arise
a portion of our cash flow from operations must be dedicated to interest payments on our indebtedness and is not available for other purposes
 which amount would increase if prevailing interest rates rise
substantially all of our working capital assets in the United States secure the Inventory Revolver and the Securitization Facility
 all of which could limit our ability to dispose of such assets or utilize the proceeds of such dispositions and
 upon an event of default under any such secured indebtedness
 the lenders thereunder could foreclose upon our pledged assets
Further
 our debt agreements
 under certain circumstances
 may limit additional borrowings
 investments
 the payment of dividends
 the acquisition or disposition of assets
 mergers and consolidations
 transactions with affiliates
Should market conditions deteriorate
 or our operating results be depressed in the future
 we may have to request amendments or waivers to our covenants and restrictions under our debt agreements. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such relief should it be needed in the future. A breach of any of these covenants or restrictions could result in a default that would permit our senior lenders
 including lenders under the Inventory Revolver
 the Securitization Facility
 the Rabobank term loan (Rabobank Term Loan) and the holders of our senior unsecured notes
 as the case may be
 to declare all amounts outstanding under the Inventory Revolver
 the Securitization Facility
 the Rabobank Term Loan or the senior unsecured notes to be due and payable
 together with accrued and unpaid interest
 and the commitments of the relevant lenders to make further extensions of credit under the Inventory Revolver and the Securitization Facility could be terminated. If we were unable to repay our secured indebtedness to our lenders
 these lenders could proceed against the collateral securing that indebtedness
Our future ability to comply with financial covenants and other conditions
 make scheduled payments of principal and interest
 or refinance existing borrowings depends on future business performance which is subject to economic
 financial
 competitive and other factors
 including the other risks set forth in this Item 1A.  Any failure to comply with the covenants of our debt agreements could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
From time to time we review opportunities for strategic growth through acquisitions. We have also pursued and may in the future pursue strategic growth through investment in joint ventures. These acquisitions and investments may involve large transactions or realignment of existing investments. These transactions present financial
 managerial and operational challenges
diversion of management attention from managing our existing business
difficulty with integrating businesses
 operations
 personnel and financial and other systems
lack of experience in operating in the geographical or product markets of the acquired business
increased levels of debt potentially leading to associated reduction in ratings of our debt securities and adverse impact on our various financial ratios
the requirement that we periodically review the value at which we carry our investments in joint ventures and
 in the event we determine that the value at which we carry a joint venture investment has been impaired
 the requirement to record a non-cash impairment charge
 which charge could substantially affect our reported earnings in the period of such charge
 would negatively impact our financial ratios and could limit our ability to obtain financing in the future
potential loss of key employees and customers of the acquired business
assumption of and exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities of acquired businesses
potential disputes with the sellers
for our investments
 potential lack of common business goals and strategies with
 and cooperation of
In addition
Our numerous equity investments in joint ventures
 partnerships and other entities
 both within and outside the U.S.
 are periodically involved in modifying and amending their credit facilities and loan agreements. The ability of these entities to refinance or amend their facilities on a successful and satisfactory basis
 and to comply with the covenants in their financing facilities
December&#160;28
 2014
 none of our equity investments represented more than 5% of our total consolidated assets. If we determine in the future that an investment is impaired
 we would be required to record a non-cash impairment charge
 which could substantially affect our reported earnings in the period of such charge. In addition
. We conduct foreign operations in Poland
 Romania and the United Kingdom and export our products to more than 40 countries. In addition
December&#160;28
 2014
&#32;of our long-lived assets were associated with our foreign operations. Because of the growing market share of U.S. pork products in the international markets
Our international sales
general economic and political conditions
imposition of tariffs
 quotas
 trade barriers and other trade protection measures imposed by foreign countries
import or export licensing requirements imposed by various foreign countries
the closing of borders by foreign countries to the import of our products due to
 among other things
 animal disease or other perceived health or safety issues
difficulties and costs associated with complying with
 and enforcing remedies under
 a wide variety of complex domestic and international laws
 treaties and regulations
 including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
different regulatory structures and unexpected changes in regulatory environments
tax rates that may exceed those in the United States and earnings that may be subject to withholding requirements and incremental taxes upon repatriation
potentially negative consequences from changes in tax laws
distribution costs
Furthermore
fluctuations in currency values
 which have affected
 among other things
 the costs of our investments in foreign operations
translation of foreign currencies into U.S. dollars
Negative consequences relating to these risks and uncertainties could jeopardize or limit our ability to transact business in one or more of those markets where we operate or in other developing markets and could adversely affect our business
 financial condition
We are involved on an ongoing basis in litigation arising in the ordinary course of business or otherwise. Trends in litigation may include class actions involving consumers
 shareholders
 employees or injured persons
 and claims related to commercial
 labor
 employment
 antitrust
 securities or environmental matters. Moreover
 the process of litigating cases
 even if we are successful
 may be costly
 and may approximate the cost of damages sought. These actions could also expose us to adverse publicity
 which might adversely affect our brands
 reputation and/or customer preference for our products and distract management from other tasks. Litigation trends and expenses and the outcome of litigation cannot be predicted with certainty and adverse litigation trends
 expenses and outcomes could adversely affect our business
 financial condition
We depend on availability of
 and satisfactory relations with
December&#160;28
 2014
48
&#32;employees
18
&#32;of whom are covered by collective bargaining agreements or are members of labor unions. Our operations depend on the availability
 retention and relative costs of labor and maintaining satisfactory relations with employees and the labor unions. Further
 employee shortages can and do occur
 particularly in rural areas where some of our operations are located. Labor relations issues arise from time to time
 including issues in connection with union efforts to represent employees at our plants and with the negotiation of new collective bargaining agreements. If we fail to maintain satisfactory relations with our employees or with the labor unions
 we may experience labor strikes
 work stoppages or other labor disputes. Negotiation of collective bargaining agreements also could result in higher ongoing labor costs. In addition
 the discovery by us or governmental authorities of undocumented workers
 as has occurred in the past
 could result in our having to attempt to replace those workers
Immigration reform continues to attract significant attention in the public arena and the U.S. Congress. If new immigration legislation is enacted
 such laws may contain provisions that could increase our costs in recruiting
 training and retaining employees and increase our costs of complying with federal law in reviewing employees' immigration status.  Furthermore
There can be no assurance that these activities or consequences will not adversely affect our business
 financial condition
. We do not have long-term sales agreements (other than to certain third-party hog customers) or other contractual assurances as to future sales to these major customers. In addition
 continued consolidation within the retail industry
 including among supermarkets
 warehouse clubs and food distributors
 has resulted in an increasingly concentrated retail base and increased our credit exposure to certain customers. Our business could be materially adversely affected and suffer significant set-backs in sales and operating income from the loss of some of our larger customers or if our larger customers' plans
 markets
Goodwill is recorded at fair value and is not amortized
 but is reviewed for impairment at least annually or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. In evaluating the potential for impairment of goodwill
 we make assumptions regarding future operating performance
 business trends
 and market and economic conditions. Such analyses further require us to make judgmental assumptions about sales
 operating margins
 growth rates
 and discount rates. There are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and to management's judgment in applying these factors to the assessment of goodwill recoverability. Goodwill reviews are prepared using estimates of the fair value of reporting units based on market multiples of EBITDA (earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization) and/or on the estimated present value of future cash flows. We could be required to evaluate the recoverability of goodwill prior to the annual assessment if we experience disruptions to the business
 unexpected significant declines in operating results
Impairment charges could substantially affect our reported earnings in the periods of such charges. In addition
December&#160;28
 2014
&#32;of goodwill
Our business may be adversely affected by changes in national or global economic conditions
 including inflation
 interest rates
 availability of and access to capital markets
 consumer spending rates
Any such changes could adversely affect the demand for our products or the cost and availability of our needed raw materials
 cooking ingredients and packaging materials
Disruptions and instability in credit and other financial markets and deterioration of national and global economic conditions
 could
impair the financial condition of some of our customers
 suppliers or counterparties to our derivative instruments
 thereby increasing customer bad debts
negatively impact global demand for our products
 which could result in a reduction of sales
decrease the value of our investments in equity and debt securities
 including our company-owned life insurance and pension plan assets
The following table lists our material plants and other physical properties. Based on a five day week
581
&#32;pounds
December&#160;28
 2014
 the average weekly domestic capacity utilization for pork slaughter and packaged meats was 
Bladen&#160;County
Smithfield
Kinston
Production of boneless cooked hams
Clinton
Wilson
Sioux Falls
Springdale
Curly&#8217;s&#160;Foods
Sioux City
St. Charles
Omaha
Peru
Junction City
Mason City
St. James
Crete
Monmouth
Denison
Milan
Wichita
Lincoln
Grayson
Martin City
Cudahy
Production of bacon
Szczecin
Starachowice
Elk
Morliny
Ilawa
Suwalki
Opole
Debica
Timisoara
Slaughtering
Smithfield
The Hog Production segment owns and leases numerous hog production and grain storage facilities
 as well as feedmills
 mainly in North Carolina
 Utah
 Missouri
 Iowa
 Colorado and Virginia
 with additional facilities in Oklahoma
 Texas
 Illinois
 South Carolina
 Pennsylvania
Also
 the International segment owns and leases numerous hog production and grain storage facilities
 as well as feedmills
We and certain of our subsidiaries are parties to the environmental litigation matters discussed in &#8220;Item&#160;1. Business&#8212;Regulation&#8221; above. Apart from those matters and the matters listed below
 we and our affiliates are parties to various lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management
In August
 September and October 2014
 25 complaints were filed in the Eastern District of North Carolina by 515 individual plaintiffs against our wholly owned subsidiary
 Murphy-Brown
 alleging causes of action for nuisance and related claims. The complaints stemmed from the nuisance cases previously filed in the Superior Court of Wake County. On February 23
 2015
 all 25 complaints were amended and one complaint was severed into two separate actions. The 26 currently pending complaints were filed on behalf of 541 plaintiffs and relate to approximately 14 company-owned and 75 contract farms. All 26 complaints include causes of action for temporary nuisance and negligence and seek recovery of an unspecified amount of compensatory
 special and punitive damages
From time to time we receive notices from regulatory authorities and others asserting that we are not in compliance with certain environmental laws and regulations. In some instances
On March 13
 2014
 the Neuse Riverkeeper Foundation and Waterkeeper Alliance submitted a 60-day Notice of Intent (NOI) to file a citizen suit against the Company
 our wholly owned subsidiary Murphy-Brown
 a contract grower
 the landowner
 and certain individual employees of either Murphy-Brown or the contract grower related to alleged violations of the Clean Water Act at a hog farm in Greene County
The following table shows the name and age
 position and business experience during the past five years of each of our executive officers. Our board of directors (the Board or Board of Directors) elects executive officers to hold office until the next annual meeting of the Board
Mr. Pope was elected President and Chief Executive Officer in June 2006
 effective September 1
Mr. Sullivan was promoted to Chief Financial Officer in 2013 and elected Executive Vice President effective March 1
 2015.  He served as Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Accounting Officer from 2012 to 2013
 Vice President of Finance and Chief Accounting Officer from 2010 to 2012
Mr. Thamodaran was elected Executive Vice President and Chief Commodity Hedging Officer in July 2011. He was named Senior Vice President and Chief Commodity Hedging Officer in June 2008. Prior to these appointments
 Mr. Thamodaran served as Vice President
Mr. Treacy was elected Executive Vice President
 Corporate Affairs
 and Chief Sustainability Officer in October 2011. He was named Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs and Chief Sustainability Officer in February 2010. Prior to these appointments
 Mr. Treacy served as Vice President
President
Mr. Sebring was elected President
 Packaged Meats Division effective March 1
President
Mr. Saunders was elected President
 Fresh Pork Division
 effective March 1
President
Mr. Schmidt was elected President
 Hog Production Division
 effective March 1
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#8217;S COMMON EQUITY
Prior to the Merger
 our common stock was listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol SFD.  As a result of the  Merger
 our common stock ceased to be traded on the New York Stock Exchange after close of market on September 26
 2013.  Smithfield Foods
We have never paid a cash divided on our common stock.   Subject to the limitations in certain of our debt agreements
On September 26
 2013
 we were acquired by an indirect subsidiary of WH Group in a merger transaction accounted for as a business combination. Unless the context otherwise requires
 all references to &#8220;Successor&#8221; refer to Smithfield Foods
 Inc. and all its subsidiaries for the period subsequent to the Merger.  All references to &#8220;Predecessor&#8221; refer to Smithfield Foods
 Inc. and all its subsidiaries for all periods prior to the Merger.  In addition
 the Merger was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting
eight months ended December 29
) have been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements
, as defined in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8212;Results of Operations&#8212;Significant Events Affecting Results of Operations
31367 (May 24, 2013) (the 2013 Rule). The 2013 Rule requires, in part, that labels on covered meat products must list separately, in sequence, the specific country where the animal was born
 the country where it was raised
 and the country where it was slaughtered. The rule also prohibits combining or commingling of meats with different Born
 Raised
Gross profit increased primarily as a result of higher average selling prices and lower hog raising costs, which more than offset the increase in pork processing raw material costs.  As noted in Significant Events Affecting Results of Operations--WH Group Merger
Gross profit decreased primarily as the result of an 8% increase in domestic live hog prices. As noted in Significant Events Affecting Results of Operations--WH Group Merger
As noted in Significant Events Affecting Results of Operations
As noted in Significant Events Affecting Results of Operations
Smithfield Foods, Inc., together with its subsidiaries (Smithfield
 the Company
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us&#8221; or &#8220;our&#8221;)
 is the largest hog producer and pork processor in the world. We produce and market a wide variety of fresh meat and packaged meats products both domestically and internationally. We conduct our operations through five reportable segments: Fresh Pork
 Packaged Meats
 Hog Production
On September&#160;26
 2013 (the Merger Date)
 pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated May&#160;28
 2013 (the Merger Agreement) with WH Group Limited
 formerly Shuanghui International Holdings Limited
 a corporation formed under the laws of the Cayman Islands hereinafter referred to as WH Group
 the Company merged with Sun Merger Sub
 Inc.
 a Virginia corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of WH Group (Merger Sub)
 in a transaction hereinafter referred to as the Merger. As a result of the Merger
The Merger was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting. WH Groups's cost of acquiring the Company has been pushed-down to establish a new accounting basis for the Company. Accordingly
 the consolidated financial statements are presented for two periods
 Predecessor and Successor
On January 16
 2014
 the Company elected to change its fiscal year end from the 52 or 53 week period which previously ended on the Sunday nearest to April 30 to the 52 or 53 week period which ends on the Sunday nearest to December 31. The change became effective at the end of the period ended December 29
 2013.  Unless otherwise noted
December 28
For comparative purposes
December&#160;29
&#32;and December 30
September 27 - December 29
April 29 - September 26
December 30
3
5
8
3
5
7
Selling
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all wholly owned subsidiaries
 as well as all majority owned subsidiaries and other entities for which we have a controlling interest. Entities that are 50% owned or less are accounted for under the equity method when we have the ability to exercise significant influence. We use the cost method of accounting for investments in which our ability to exercise significant influence is limited. All intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated. Consolidating the results of operations and financial position of variable interest entities for which we are the primary beneficiary does not have a material effect on sales
 net income
Foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars using the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. Results of operations and cash flows in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars using the average exchange rate over the course of the year. The effect of exchange rate fluctuations on the translation of assets and liabilities is included as a component of shareholder's equity in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and included in other comprehensive income (loss) for each period. Gains and losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are included in selling
&#32;in 2014
 net gains of 
three months ended December 29
 2013
five months ended September 26
twelve months ended April 28
 2013
 respectively
twelve months ended April 29
Our Polish operations have different fiscal period end dates. As such
The consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S.
Accounts receivable are recorded net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. We regularly evaluate the collectibility of our accounts receivable based on a variety of factors
 including the length of time the receivables are past due
 the financial health of the customer and historical experience. Based on our evaluation
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
1
2
2
Livestock are valued at the lower of the average cost of production or market and further adjusted for changes in the fair value of livestock that are hedged. Costs include feed
 medications
 contract grower fees and other production expenses. Fresh and packaged meats are valued based on USDA and other market prices and adjusted for the cost of further processing. Costs for fresh and packaged meats include meat
 labor
Property
 Plant and Equipment
Property
 plant and equipment is generally stated at historical cost and depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Assets held under capital leases are classified in property
 plant and equipment
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
 respectively. Depreciation expense is included in either cost of sales or selling
 general and administrative (SG&amp;A) expenses
 as appropriate. Depreciation expense totaled 
 
 
 
three months ended December 29
 2013
five months ended September 26
 2013
twelve months ended April 28
twelve months ended April 29
 2012
Interest is capitalized on property
 plant and equipment over the construction period. Total interest capitalized was 
 
 
 
three months ended December 29
 2013
five months ended September 26
 2013
twelve months ended April 28
twelve months ended April 29
 2012
Property
 plant and equipment
 net
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
1
3
2
Property
 plant and equipment
2
2
Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment annually in the fourth quarter
 or sooner if impairment indicators arise. In the evaluation of goodwill for impairment
 we may perform a qualitative assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If it is not
 no further analysis is required. If it is
 a prescribed two-step goodwill impairment test is performed to identify potential goodwill impairment and measure the amount of goodwill impairment loss to be recognized for that reporting unit
The first step in the two-step impairment test is to identify if a potential impairment exists by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount
 including goodwill. The fair value of a reporting unit is estimated by applying valuation multiples and/or estimating future discounted cash flows. The selection of multiples is dependent upon assumptions regarding future levels of operating performance as well as business trends and prospects
 and industry
 market and economic conditions. When estimating future discounted cash flows
 we consider the assumptions that hypothetical marketplace participants would use in estimating future cash flows. In addition
 where applicable
 an appropriate discount rate is used
 based on an industry-wide average cost of capital or location-specific economic factors. If the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount
 goodwill of the reporting unit is not considered to have a potential impairment and the second step of the impairment test is not necessary. However
 if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 the second step is performed to determine if goodwill is impaired and to measure the amount of impairment loss to recognize
The second step compares the implied fair value of goodwill with the carrying amount of goodwill. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination (i.e.
 the fair value of the reporting unit is allocated to all the assets and liabilities
 including any unrecognized intangible assets
 as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination and the fair value of the reporting unit was the purchase price paid to acquire the reporting unit). If the implied fair value of goodwill exceeds the carrying amount
 goodwill is not considered impaired. However
 if the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value
Based on the results of our annual goodwill impairment tests
 as of our testing date
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
Patents
Amortized intangible assets
1
1
Intangible assets
1
1
The fair values of trademarks are calculated using a royalty rate method. Assumptions about royalty rates are based on the rates at which similar brands and trademarks are licensed in the marketplace. If the carrying value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets exceeds their fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. Intangible assets with finite lives are reviewed for recoverability when indicators of impairment are present using estimated future undiscounted cash flows related to those assets. We have determined that no impairments of our intangible assets existed for any of the&#160;periods presented.
 
 
 
three months ended December 29
 2013
five months ended September 26
 2013
twelve months ended April 28
twelve months ended April 29
 2012
December&#160;28
 2014
Issuance Costs
Debt issuance costs
The determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment
 the use of estimates
We record unrecognized tax benefit liabilities for known or anticipated tax issues based on our analysis of whether
 and the extent to which
We recognize the funded status of our defined benefit pension plans in the consolidated balance sheets.  We measure our pension and other postretirement benefit plan obligations and related plan assets as of the last day of our year. The measurement of our pension obligations and related costs is dependent on the use of assumptions and estimates. These assumptions include discount rates
 salary growth
We also recognize in other comprehensive income (loss)
We are self-insured for certain levels of general and vehicle liability
 property
 workers&#8217; compensation
We are subject to lawsuits
 investigations and other claims related to the operation of our farms
 labor
 livestock procurement
 securities
 environmental
 product
 taxing authorities and other matters
 and are required to assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters
A determination of the amount of accruals and disclosures required
 if any
Our contingent liabilities contain uncertainties because the eventual outcome will result from future events.  Our determination of accruals and any reasonably possible losses in excess of those accruals require estimates and judgments related to future changes in facts and circumstances
 interpretations of the law
 the amount of damages or fees
 and the effectiveness of strategies or other factors beyond our control.&#160;If actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions
We recognize revenues from product sales upon delivery to customers or when title passes. Revenue is recorded at the invoice price for each product net of estimated returns and sales incentives provided to customers. Sales incentives include various rebate and trade allowance programs with our customers
Advertising and promotional costs are expensed as incurred except for certain production costs
 which are expensed upon the first airing 

  
 
three months ended December 29
 2013
five months ended September 26
 2013
twelve months ended April 28
twelve months ended April 29
 2012
 respectively
 and are included in SG&amp;A.
 
 
 
three months ended December 29
 2013
five months ended September 26
 2013
twelve months ended April 28
twelve months ended April 29
 2012
In July 2013
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update 2013-11
an Unrecognized Tax Benefit when a Net Operating Loss Carryforward
In May 2014
 the FASB and International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) issued Accounting Standards Update 2014-09
(ASU 2014-09). The standard outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance. The core principle of the revenue model is that an entity recognizes revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The ASU applies to all contracts with customers
 except those that are within the scope of other topics in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Compared with current U.S. GAAP
 the ASU also requires significantly expanded disclosures about revenue recognition. The new guidance is effective for fiscal year and interim periods within those years beginning after December 15
 2016 and early adoption is not permitted.  The guidance permits companies to either apply the requirements retrospectively to all prior periods presented
 or apply the requirements in the year of adoption
In August 2014
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (ASU 2014-15). The new guidance is effective for annual reporting periods ending after December 15
 2016
On May&#160;28
 2013
 we entered into the Merger Agreement with WH Group and Merger Sub. The Merger was consummated on the Merger Date
 and as a result
 Merger Sub merged with and into the Company
 with the Company surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of WH Group. Upon completion of the Merger
&#32;in cash (the Merger Consideration) for each share of common stock held prior to the effective time of the Merger.  Additionally
 all outstanding stock-based compensation awards
 both vested and unvested
 were converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration
 less the exercise price of such awards
On July 31
 2013
aggregate principal amount of 5.25% senior notes due August 1
aggregate principal amount of 5.875% senior notes due August 1
 2021 (together
in transaction fees in connection with issuance of the Merger Sub Notes
 which are being amortized over the life of the Merger Sub Notes. As a result of the Merger and the transactions entered into in connection therewith
 we have assumed the liabilities and obligations of Merger Sub
 including Merger Sub's obligations under the Merger Sub Notes. Proceeds from the Merger Sub Notes were held in escrow prior to the Merger Date and used in funding the Merger. The proceeds were used to fund a portion
WH Group is the majority shareholder of Henan Shuanghui Investment &amp; Development Co.
 which is China's largest meat processing enterprise and China's largest publicly traded meat products company as measured by market capitalization.  WH Group is a pioneer in the Chinese meat processing industry with over 30 years of history. WH Group's businesses include hog production
 meat processing
 fresh meat and packaged meats production and distribution.  The merging of WH Group's distribution network with our strong management team
 leading brands and vertically integrated model will allow us to provide high-quality
WH Group's cost of acquiring the Company has been pushed-down to establish a new accounting basis for the Company.  The consolidated balance sheets
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
 reflect various fair value estimates and analyses
The following is a summary of the allocation of the total purchase consideration to the estimated fair values of our assets acquired
2
Property
2
1
1
10
2
Deferred income taxes
5
4
Accounts receivable and accounts payable
 as well as certain other current and non-current assets and liabilities
 were valued at their existing carrying values as they approximated fair value of those items at the time of the Merger
Inventories were valued using a net realizable value approach with the exception of manufacturing supplies and other inventories
Property
 plant and equipment have been valued using a combination of the market approach and the indirect cost approach which is based on current replacement and/or reproduction cost of the asset as new
 less depreciation attributable to physical
Intangible assets acquired include trademarks
 customer relations assets
 contractual relationships and rights with fair values of

 
ectively.  The customer relations assets
ears
rs
Trademarks
 including trade names
 have been valued using the relief from royalty method. We utilized a bottoms-up approach to assess the appropriate royalty rates for trade names focused on consideration of the profitability of each trade name
 the implied premium margin earned on branded versus private label sales of similar products for each trade name
Goodwill reflects the amount of the total consideration paid that exceeded the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired
In connection with the Merger
three months ended December 29
five months ended September 26
 2013
 respectively. These fees are recognized in merger related costs on the consolidated statements of income. In addition
three months ended December 29
The following unaudited pro forma financial data summarizes the Company's results of operations as if the Merger had occurred as of April&#160;30
 2012. The pro forma data is for informational purposes only and may not necessarily reflect the actual results of operations had the Merger been consummated on April&#160;30
December 29
April 28
9
13
The most significant pro forma adjustments were to reflect the impact of fair value step-ups of both assets and liabilities (e.g.
 inventory
 property
 plant and equipment
Kansas City Sausage
In May 2013
&#32;interest in Kansas City Sausage Company
 LLC (KCS)
&#32;in cash.  Upon closing
 in addition to the cash purchase price
&#32;to the seller in exchange for a promissory note
 which is secured by the remaining membership interests in KCS held by the seller (the Advance Note).  The Advance Note was recorded in other assets in the consolidated balance.  Additionally
 we entered into a revolving loan agreement with KCS
&#32;in 2014.  The merging of KCS's low-cost
 efficient operations and high-quality products with our strong brands and sales and marketing team should contribute growth to our packaged meats business.  KCS operates in Des Moines
 Iowa and Kansas City
 Missouri. In Des Moines
 KCS produces premium raw materials for sausage
 as well as value-added products
KCS is managed by its Board of Directors
 which makes decisions that most significantly impact the economic performance of KCS. We have the right to nominate and elect the majority of the members of the Board of Directors of KCS
 and based on the associated voting rights
 we have determined that we have a controlling financial interest in KCS. As a result
 the acquisition of our interest in KCS was accounted for in the Fresh Pork and Packaged Meats segments using the acquisition method of accounting
 which requires
 among other things
 that assets acquired
 liabilities assumed and noncontrolling interests in the acquiree be recognized at their fair values as of the acquisition date. The purchase price allocation includes assets acquired
 excluding goodwill
 of 
 liabilities assumed of 
Our initial estimate of the fair value of the noncontrolling interests was measured based on market multiples for similar companies in our industry and consideration of the terms of the acquisition
 which provide the noncontrolling interest holder the right to exercise a put option at any time after the fifth anniversary of the acquisition
December&#160;28
 2014
American Skin Food Group
In September 2012
&#32;controlling interest in American Skin Food Group
Located in Burgaw
 North Carolina
 American Skin manufactures and supplies pork rinds to the snack food industry. By leveraging our coordinated sales and marketing team
 we believe American Skin can expand into new markets both domestically and internationally
The acquisition of American Skin was accounted for in the Packaged Meats segment using the acquisition method of accounting. The purchase price allocation includes assets acquired
 excluding goodwill
 of 
 liabilities assumed of 
The fair value of the noncontrolling interests was measured based on market multiples for similar public companies and consideration of the terms of the acquisition
 which provide the noncontrolling interests holders the right to exercise a put option
 which would obligate us to redeem their interests. The redemption amount is based on a fixed multiple of earnings
Portsmouth
In November 2011
 we announced that we would shift the production of hot dogs and lunchmeat from The Smithfield Packing Company
 Inc.'s (Smithfield Packing) Portsmouth
 Virginia plant to our Kinston
 North Carolina plant and permanently close the Portsmouth facility. The Kinston facility was expanded to handle the additional production and incorporates state of the art technology and equipment
As a result of this decision
twelve months ended April 29
&#32;and determined that the net cash flows expected to be generated over the anticipated remaining useful life of the plant are sufficient to recover its book value. As such
 no impairment existed. However
 we revised depreciation estimates to reflect the use of the related assets at the Portsmouth facility over their shortened useful lives. As a result
twelve months ended April 28
twelve months ended April 29
 2012
 respectively. Also
 in connection with this decision
twelve months ended April 29
Our meat processing and hog production operations use various raw materials
 primarily live hogs
 corn
 soybean meal and wheat
 which are actively traded on commodity exchanges. We hedge these commodities when we determine conditions are appropriate to mitigate price risk. While this hedging may limit our ability to participate in gains from favorable commodity fluctuations
We record all derivatives in the balance sheet as either assets or liabilities at fair value. Accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative depends on whether it qualifies and has been designated as part of a hedging relationship. For derivatives that qualify and have been designated as hedges for accounting purposes
 changes in fair value have no net impact on earnings
 to the extent the derivative is considered perfectly effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows attributable to the risk being hedged
 until the hedged item is recognized in earnings (commonly referred to as the &#8220;hedge accounting&#8221; method). For derivatives that do not qualify or are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes
 changes in fair value are recorded in current period earnings (commonly referred to as the &#8220;mark-to-market&#8221; method). We may elect either method of accounting for our derivative portfolio
 assuming all the necessary requirements are met. We have in the past availed ourselves of either acceptable method and expect to do so in the future. We believe all of our derivative instruments represent economic hedges against changes in prices and rates
Changes in commodity prices could have a significant impact on&#160;cash deposit&#160;requirements under our broker and counter-party agreements. Additionally
 certain of our&#160;derivative contracts contain credit risk related&#160;contingent features
December&#160;28
 2014
We are exposed to losses in the event of nonperformance or nonpayment by counter-parties under financial instruments. Although our counter-parties primarily consist of financial institutions that are investment grade
 there is still a possibility that one or more of these companies could default. &#160;However
 a majority of our financial instruments are exchange traded futures contracts held with brokers and counter-parties with whom we maintain margin accounts that are settled on a daily basis
 thereby limiting our credit exposure to non-exchange traded derivatives.&#160;Determination of the credit quality of our counter-parties is based upon a number of factors
December&#160;28
 2014
December&#160;28
The size and mix of our derivative portfolio varies from time to time based upon our analysis of current and future market conditions.  All derivative contracts are recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets or accrued expenses and other current liabilities within the consolidated balance sheets
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
The majority of our derivatives are exchange traded futures contracts held with brokers
 subject to netting arrangements that are enforceable during the ordinary course of business. Additionally
 we have a smaller portfolio of over-the-counter derivatives that are held by counterparties under netting arrangements found in typical master netting agreements. These agreements legally allow for net settlement in the event of bankruptcy. We offset the fair values of derivative assets and liabilities
 along with the related cash collateral
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
We enter into derivative instruments
 such as futures
 swaps and options contracts
 to manage our exposure to the variability in expected future cash flows attributable to commodity price risk associated with the forecasted sale of live hogs and fresh pork
 and the forecasted purchase of corn
 wheat and soybean meal. In addition
 we enter into interest rate swaps to manage our exposure to changes in interest rates associated with our variable interest rate debt
December&#160;28
 2014
When cash flow hedge accounting is applied
 derivative gains or losses are recognized as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transactions affect earnings. The ineffective portion of derivative gains and losses is recognized as part of current period earnings. Derivative gains and losses
 when reclassified into earnings
 are recorded in cost of sales for&#160;grain contracts
 sales for lean hog contracts
 interest expense for interest rate contracts and SG&amp;A expenses for foreign exchange contracts. Gains and losses on derivatives designed to hedge price risk associated with fresh pork sales are recorded in the Hog Production segment.&#160;
42
575
99
580
346
827
103
280
1
847
680
20
886
10
966
34
363
December 28
September 27 - December 29
December 28
September 27 - December 29
December 28
September 27 - December 29
April 29 - September 26
April 28
April 29
April 29 - September 26
April 28
April 29
April 29 - September 26
April 28
April 29
For the periods presented
 foreign exchange contracts were determined to be highly effective. We have excluded from the assessment of effectiveness differences between spot and forward rates
twelve months ended April 29
 2012
 we discontinued cash flow hedge accounting on certain grain contracts as it became probable that the original forecasted transactions would not transpire. As a result of this change
twelve months ended April 29
twelve months ended April 29
December&#160;28
 2014
&#160;there were deferred net&#160;gains of&#160;
 net of tax of 
We enter into derivative instruments (primarily futures contracts) that are designed to hedge changes in&#160;the fair value of live hog inventories and&#160;firm commitments to buy grains. When fair value hedge accounting is applied
 derivative gains and losses are recognized in earnings currently along with the change in fair value of the hedged item attributable to the risk being hedged. The gains or losses on the derivative instruments and the offsetting losses or gains on the related hedged items are recorded in cost of sales for commodity contracts.
450
9
195
December 28
September 27 - December 29
April 29 - September 26
April 28
April 29
twelve months ended April 28
twelve months ended April 29
 2012
 representing differences between the spot and futures prices for fair value hedges of hog inventory
three months ended December 29
five months ended September 26
&#32;and
 therefore
December 28
September 27 - December 29
April 29 - September 26
April 28
April 29
five months ended September 26
 2013
twelve months ended April 28
twelve months ended April 29
 2012
 respectively
Derivative instruments that are not designated as a hedge
 have been de-designated from a hedging relationship
 or do not meet the criteria for hedge accounting are marked-to-market with the unrealized gains and losses together with actual realized gains and losses from closed contracts being recognized in current period earnings. Under the mark-to-market method
 gains and losses are recorded in cost of sales for commodity contracts and SG&amp;A for foreign exchange contracts.
600
414
600
490
24
640
18
75
3
545
85
8
030
11
040
6
888
80
966
6
272
85
251
December 28
September 27 - December 29
April 29 - September 26
April 28
April 29
The table above reflects gains and losses from both open and closed contracts including
 among other things
 gains and losses related to contracts designed to hedge price movements that occur entirely within the period presented. The table includes amounts for both realized and unrealized gains and losses. The table is not
 therefore
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
Beginning in June 2014
 our investment in CFG is through our interest in Sigma &amp; WH Europe
We record our share of earnings and losses from our equity method investments in (income) loss from equity method investments. Some of these results are reported on a one-month lag which
 in our opinion
In November 2013
 Mexican processed meats producer Sigma Alimentos (Sigma) announced its intention to tender for all of CFG&#8217;s outstanding shares (CFG Tender Offer).  In December 2013
 we announced our intention to participate in the CFG Tender Offer by retaining our 37% interest in CFG.  In June 2014
 we finalized our shareholder agreement with Sigma creating a new entity called Sigma &amp; WH Food Europe
 S.L. (Sigma &amp; WH Europe) to hold all shares of CFG owned by Sigma and the Company. At the formation of Sigma &amp; WH Europe
 both the Company and Sigma contributed all of our shares of CFG to Sigma &amp; WH Europe in exchange for the same number of shares in Sigma &amp; WH Europe. Effective September 19
 2014
December&#160;28
 2014
December 28
September 27 - December 29
April 29 - September 26
April 28
April 29
In December 2011
&#32;includes the disposal of certain assets
 employee redundancy costs and the contribution of CFG's French cooked ham business into a newly formed joint venture. As a result
&#32;in (income) loss from equity method investments within the International segment in the twelve months ended April 29
December 28
April 29 - December 29
April 28
April 29
2
1
2
2
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
2
2
1
1
1
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
6.625% senior unsecured notes
 due August 2022
1
1
7.75% senior unsecured notes
 due July 2017
5.25% senior unsecured notes
5.875% senior unsecured notes
Floating rate senior unsecured term loan
Inventory Revolver
Securitization Facility
Various
 interest rates from 0.0% to 3.13%
2
3
2
2
972.8
In August 2012
&#32;aggregate principal amount of ten year
 6.625% senior unsecured notes at a price equal to 
 after underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses
&#32;in transaction fees in connection with issuance of the 2022 Notes
During the twelve months ended April 29
 2012
During the twelve months ended April 29
 2012
 we repurchased 
In conjunction with the issuance of the 2022 Notes in July 2012
 we commenced a tender offer to purchase any and all of our outstanding 7.75% senior unsecured notes due May 2013 (2013 Notes) and any and all of our outstanding 2014 Notes (the July 2012 Tender Offer). The July 2012 Tender Offer expired in August 2012. As a result of the July 2012 Tender Offer
 we paid 
 respectively. Also in August 2012
&#32;of our 2014 Notes. Net proceeds from the issuance of the 2022 Notes were used to make all of the repurchases of the 2013 Notes and 2014 Notes. As a result of these repurchases
&#32;in the twelve months ended April 28
 2013
 including the write-off of related unamortized discounts
In May 2013
three months ended December 29
 2013
&#32;of our 2017 Notes and 2022 Notes
 respectively
On July 31
 2013
 Merger Sub issued the Merger Sub Notes as part of the financing for the acquisition of the Company. Upon the consummation of the Merger and release of the proceeds from escrow
In June 2011
 we refinanced our asset-based revolving credit agreement totaling 
&#32;(the Inventory Revolver)
&#32;(the Securitization Facility). We may request working capital loans and letters of credit under both facilities. As a result of the refinancing
&#32;in the first quarter of the twelve months ended April 29
In January 2013
. All other terms and conditions of the Inventory Revolver were unchanged
 including the limitation on the actual amount of credit that is available from time to time under the Inventory Revolver as a result of borrowing base valuations of our inventory
We have the right to further exercise the accordion feature and increase its total revolving commitment by an additional aggregate amount not to exceed $200.0 million
Availability under the Inventory Revolver is a function of the level of eligible inventories
December&#160;28
 2014
 the unused commitment fee rate and interest rate were 
The ratio of our funded debt to capitalization (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement) may not exceed 0.5 to 1.0
We and our material U.S. subsidiaries are jointly and severally liable for
 as primary obligors
 the obligations under the Inventory Revolver
secured by a first priority lien on certain personal property
 including cash and cash equivalents
 deposit accounts
 inventory
 intellectual property
in transaction fees in connection with the Inventory Revolver
In December 2014
.  As a result of the amended agreement
 our maturity date was extended from May 2016 to December 2017
As part of the arrangement
subsidiaries are sold to a wholly owned &#8220;bankruptcy remote&#8221; special purpose vehicle (SPV). The SPV pledges the receivables as security for loans and letters of credit. The SPV is included in our consolidated financial statements and therefore
 the accounts receivable owned by it are included in our consolidated balance sheet. However
December&#160;28
 2014
December&#160;28
 2014
&#32;in transaction fees in connection with the financing of the Securitization Facility in 2011
December&#160;28
 2014
 we had aggregate credit facilities and credit lines totaling 
 
 
 
 
 
 
three months ended December 29
 2013
five months ended September 26
 2013
twelve months ended April 28
twelve months ended April 29
 2012
 respectively.  Maximum borrowings were 
 
 
 
three months ended December 29
 2013
five months ended September 26
 2013
twelve months ended April 28
twelve months ended April 29
 2012
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
In August 2012
&#32;term loan with Rabobank. As a result of the amended agreement
LIBOR plus 4%
 or at our election
The amended agreement contains affirmative and negative covenants that
 among other things
 limit or restrict our ability to create liens and encumbrances; incur debt; make acquisitions and investments; dispose of or transfer assets; pay dividends or make other payments in respect of our stock; in each case
 subject to certain qualifications and exceptions that are generally consistent with the terms and conditions of the 2022 Notes. In addition
minimum interest coverage ratio (ratio of consolidated EBITDA to consolidated interest expense) of not less than 1.75 to 1.0 commencing with our third quarter of the twelve months ended April 28
In July 2008
&#32;aggregate principal amount of 4% convertible senior notes due June&#160;30
In connection with the issuance of the Convertible Notes
 we entered into separate convertible note hedge transactions with respect to our common stock to reduce potential economic dilution upon conversion of the Convertible Notes
&#32;shares of our common stock
 subject to adjustment
 which is the number of shares initially issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Notes. In addition
&#32;shares of our common stock
In July 2013
In October 2013
LEASE OBLIGATIONS
We lease facilities and equipment under non-cancelable operating leases. The terms of each lease agreement vary and may contain renewal or purchase options. Rental payments under operating leases are charged to expense on the straight-line basis over the period of the lease. Rental expense under operating leases of real estate
 machinery
 vehicles and other equipment was  
 
 
 
three months ended December 29
 2013
five months ended September 26
 2013
twelve months ended April 28
twelve months ended April 29
 2012
December&#160;28
December&#160;28
 2014
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
 respectively
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
We have agreements
 expiring through 
 to use cold storage warehouses owned by partnerships
 of which we are 50% partners. We have agreed to pay prevailing competitive rates for use of the facilities
 subject to aggregate guaranteed minimum annual fees. In 
three months ended December 29
 2013
five months ended September 26
 2013
twelve months ended April 28
twelve months ended April 29
 2012
 we paid 
 
 
 
 respectively
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
We have purchase commitments with certain livestock producers that obligate us to purchase all the livestock that these producers deliver. Other arrangements obligate us to purchase a fixed amount of livestock. We also use independent farmers and their facilities to raise hogs produced from our breeding stock in exchange for a performance-based service fee payable upon delivery. We estimate the future obligations under these commitments based on available commodity livestock futures prices and internal projections about future hog prices
1
1
1
December&#160;28
 2014
December&#160;28
As part of our business
December&#160;28
. We could become liable in connection with these obligations depending on the performance of the guaranteed party or the occurrence of future events that we are unable to predict. If we consider it probable that we will become responsible for an obligation
December&#160;28
 2014
&#32;of leases that were transferred to JBS S.A.&#160;in connection with the sale of Smithfield Beef
December&#160;28
September 27 - December 29
April 29 - September 26
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
December&#160;28
September 27 - December 29
April 29 - September 26
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
State income taxes
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
 respectively
 in prepaid expenses and other current assets.  Additionally
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
 respectively
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
Tax credits
Property
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
Deferred income taxes
Management makes an assessment to determine if its deferred tax assets are more likely than not to be realized.&#160;Valuation allowances are established in the event that management believes the related tax benefits will not be realized. The valuation allowance primarily relates&#160;to state credits
 state&#160;net operating loss carryforwards and losses in foreign jurisdictions for which no tax benefit was recognized. During 
three months ended December 29
 2013
five months ended September 26
 2013
The tax credits
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
Balance
 April 29
Balance
 April 28
Balance
 December 29
Balance
 December 28
We operate in multiple taxing jurisdictions
 both within the U.S. and outside of the U.S.
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
 respectively. We recognized 
eight months ended December 29
 2013
twelve months ended April 28
twelve months ended April 29
 2012
 respectively
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
 that if recognized
We are currently being audited in several tax jurisdictions and remain subject to examination until the statute of limitations expires for the respective tax jurisdiction. Within specific countries
 we may be subject to audit by various tax authorities
September&#160;26
December&#160;29
December&#160;28
December&#160;28
 2014
December&#160;28
three months ended December 29
 2013
 the Company
 with its respective subsidiaries
 is included in its U.S. parent company's consolidated federal income tax group and consolidated income tax return.  The members of the consolidated group have elected to allocate income taxes among the members of the group by the separate return method
 under which the parent company credits the subsidiary for income tax reductions resulting from the subsidiary's inclusion in the consolidated return
The following table presents a reconciliation of the pension benefit obligation
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
The beginning of the year is December 30
 2013 and April 29
December 28
December&#160;29
 2013
three months ended December 29
five months ended September 26
 2013
three months ended December 29
five months ended September 26
 2013
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
twelve months ended December 28
three months ended December 29
five months ended September 26
 2013
twelve months ended December 28
 2014
three months ended December 29
five months ended September 26
 2013
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
December 28
September 27 - December 29
April 29 - September 26
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
December 28
September 27 - December 29
April 29 - September 26
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
We use an independent third-party actuary to assist in the determination of assumptions used and the measurement of our pension obligation and related costs. We review and select the discount rate to be used in connection with our pension obligation annually. In determining the discount rate
 we used a hypothetical model that used the yield on corporate bonds (rated AA or better) that coincides with the cash flows of the plans&#8217; estimated benefit payouts. The model uses a yield curve approach to discount each cash flow of the liability stream at an interest rate specifically applicable to the timing of each respective cash flow. Using imputed interest rates
During 2014
 we used a new mortality table based on the Mercer Industry Longevity Experience Study (MILES).  The mortality table has the flexibility to consider industry specific groups
To determine the expected long-term return on plan assets
 we consider the current and anticipated asset allocations
 as well as historical and estimated returns on various categories of plan assets.&#160;&#160;Long-term trends are evaluated relative to market factors such as inflation
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
 the average rate of return on plan assets was approximately 
 respectively.  Actual results that differ from our assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future periods and
 therefore
Pension plan assets may be invested in cash and cash equivalents
 equities
 debt securities
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
Cash and cash equivalents
1
1
We generally contribute the minimum amount required under government regulations to our qualified pension plans
In addition to our Company sponsored defined benefit pension plans
 we contribute to several multiemployer defined benefit pension plans under collective bargaining agreements that cover certain of our union-represented employees. The risks of participating in such plans are different from the risks of single-employer plans
If a participating employer ceases to contribute to a multiemployer plan
If we were to withdraw from a multiemployer plan
&#8212;Plan has been determined to be in &#8220;endangered status&#8221; and is generally less than 80% funded. A funding improvement plan
 as required under the IRC
means
&#32;Conduit&#8217;s Liquidity Agreement
 (x) the face amount of any such Commercial Paper issued on a discount basis
 and (y) the principal amount of
 plus the amount of all interest accrued and to accrue thereon to the stated maturity date of
Exhibit I to the Original Agreement shall be hereby amended by inserting a new definition of &#8220;Anti-Corruption Laws&#8221; in its proper alphabetical location
&#8221; means all laws
 rules
 and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Loan Parties or their respective Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption
 including
 without limitation
 the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977
 as amended
Exhibit I to the Original Agreement shall be hereby amended by inserting a new definition of &#8220;Legal Final Maturity Date&#8221; in its proper alphabetical location
the definition of &#8220;Scheduled Termination Date&#8221; in Exhibit I to the Original Agreement shall be hereby amended by deleting the reference to &#8220;May 1
 2016&#8221; therein
 and replacing it with &#8220;December 9
Schedule A to the Original Agreement shall be hereby amended by deleting the reference to &#8220;$275
000
000&#8221; therein
 and replacing it with &#8220;$325
000
.  Except as expressly set forth herein
 this First Amendment shall not alter
 modify
 amend or in any way affect any of the terms
 conditions
 obligations
 covenants or agreements contained in the Original Agreement
.  On and after the effective date of this First Amendment
 each reference in the Original Agreement to &#8220;this Agreement&#8221;
 &#8220;hereunder&#8221;
 &#8220;hereof&#8221;
 &#8220;herein&#8221; and words of similar import referring to the Original Agreement
 and each reference in the other Transaction Documents to the &#8220;Credit and Security Agreement&#8221;
 &#8220;thereunder&#8221;
 &#8220;thereof&#8221; or words of similar import referring to the Original Agreement
 shall mean a reference to the Original Agreement
&#32;represents and warrants to the Agents and the Lenders on the date hereof that it has duly authorized
 executed and delivered this First Amendment and that this First Amendment constitutes a legal
 valid and binding obligation of such Party
 enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms (except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy
 insolvency
&#32;further represents and warrants to the Agents and the Lenders that
.  No provision of this First Amendment may be amended
counterparts
.  Sections 14.5
 14.8
 14.9
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
SMITHFIELD RECEIVABLES FUNDING LLC
By:  SFFC
 Inc.
3411 Silverside Rd
Wilmington
c/o Smithfield Foods
Smithfield
 VA 23430
SMITHFIELD FOODS
 INC.
Smithfield Foods
Smithfield
 VA 23430
CO&#214;PERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN-BOERENLEENBANK B.A.
 &#8220;RABOBANK NEDERLAND&#8221;
 NEW YORK BRANCH
 AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT
New York
NIEUW AMSTERDAM RECEIVABLES CORPORATION
c/o Global Securitization Services
68 South Service Road
Melville
 NY  11747














		


Set forth below is a list of each of the subsidiaries of Smithfield Foods
AgProtein
Animex SF
Cattle Inventory
Chief Milling Partners
Cold Field Investments
Distribution Development
Duplin Marketing Company
Iowa Quality Meats
Jonmor Investments
Kansas City Sausage Company
MF Energy
Murphy Farms of Texahoma
NPD Investments
Patcud Investments
Patrick Cudahy
Pork Plus
Premium Pet Health
RMHF Liquidation
SF Investments
SF Marketing Sub
SFFC
SFRMH Liquidation
Smithfield Asia Holdings
Smithfield Capital Europe
Smithfield Culinary Foods Group
Smithfield Deli Group
Smithfield Foods de Mexico
Smithfield Global Products
Smithfield Innovations Group
Smithfield International Group de Mexico
Smithfield International Investments
Smithfield Receivables Funding
Smithfield Specialty Foods Group
Smithfield Strategic Sourcing &amp; Service Co.
Smithfield Trading Company
Smithfield Transportation Co.
Stefano Foods
Tar Heel Turkey Hatchery
Texas County Land
Wilmington Bulk
 LLC














		


I
 C. Larry Pope
I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Smithfield Foods
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
March&#160;25
 2015














		


I
 Kenneth M. Sullivan
I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Smithfield Foods
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
March&#160;25
 2015



















			


			
			




			

				



			
			




			


			




			


			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			


			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			


			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			


			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			


			




			

				



			
			




			


			




			

				



			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			


			
			




			


			




			


			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			


			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			
			




			


			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			


			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			


			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			


			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				
				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			


			
			




			

				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			
			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			




			

				
				



			



		




				


				




		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		


		




				


				



	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	

 or at our election

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29


 including the current portion of long-term debt as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=18 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=51% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Carrying Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Carrying Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
782.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
717.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
120.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3


 COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Lease Obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We lease facilities and equipment under non-cancelable operating leases. The terms of each lease agreement vary and may contain renewal or purchase options. Rental payments under operating leases are charged to expense on the straight-line basis over the period of the lease. Rental expense under operating leases of real estate
 machinery
 vehicles and other equipment was  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$43.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$11.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$19.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$47.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$46.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three months ended December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;five months ended September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve months ended April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve months ended April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Future rental commitments under non-cancelable operating leases as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; are as follows:&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=32% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=56% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;42.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;41.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;184.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 future minimum lease payments under capital leases were approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$25.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The present value of the future minimum lease payments was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$24.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The long-term portion of capital lease obligations was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$23.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$24.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 and the current portion was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Commitments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have agreements
 expiring through &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 to use cold storage warehouses owned by partnerships
 of which we are 50% partners. We have agreed to pay prevailing competitive rates for use of the facilities
 subject to aggregate guaranteed minimum annual fees. In &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three months ended December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;five months ended September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve months ended April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve months ended April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we paid &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$20.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4.5&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$7.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$16.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$14.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 in fees for use of the facilities. We had investments in the partnerships of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$3.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have purchase commitments with certain livestock producers that obligate us to purchase all the livestock that these producers deliver. Other arrangements obligate us to purchase a fixed amount of livestock. We also use independent farmers and their facilities to raise hogs produced from our breeding stock in exchange for a performance-based service fee payable upon delivery. We estimate the future obligations under these commitments based on available commodity livestock futures prices and internal projections about future hog prices
 expected quantities delivered and anticipated performance. Our estimated future obligations under these commitments are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=32% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=56% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
524.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
245.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
090.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;963.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;926.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we were also committed to purchase approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$269.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; under forward grain contracts payable in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$40.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of committed funds related to approved capital expenditure projects as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. These projects are expected to be funded with cash flows from operations and/or borrowings under credit facilities. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Guarantees&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As part of our business
 we are a party to various financial guarantees and other commitments as described below. These arrangements involve elements of performance and credit risk that are not included in the consolidated balance sheet as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. We could become liable in connection with these obligations depending on the performance of the guaranteed party or the occurrence of future events that we are unable to predict. If we consider it probable that we will become responsible for an obligation
 we will record the liability on our consolidated balance sheet.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we continued to guarantee &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$7.7&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of leases that were transferred to JBS S.A.&amp;#160;in connection with the sale of Smithfield Beef


 we are subject to various laws and regulations administered by federal
 state and other government entities
 including the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and corresponding state agencies
 as well as the United States Department of Agriculture
 the Grain Inspection
 Packers and Stockyard Administration
 the United States Food and Drug Administration
 the United States Occupational Safety and Health Administration
 the Commodities and Futures Trading Commission and similar agencies in foreign countries.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We from time to time receive notices and inquiries from regulatory authorities and others asserting that we are not in compliance with such laws and regulations. In some instances
 litigation ensues. In addition
 individuals may initiate litigation against us.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;North Carolina Nuisance Litigation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:6px;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In July
 August and September 2013
 25 complaints were filed in the Superior Court of Wake County
 North Carolina by 479 individual plaintiffs against Smithfield and our wholly owed subsidiary
 Murphy-Brown alleging causes of actions for nuisance and related claims.  All 25 complaints were dismissed without prejudice in September and October 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:6px;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In August
 September and October 2014
 25 complaints were filed in the Eastern District of North Carolina by 515 individual plaintiffs against our wholly owned subsidiary
 Murphy-Brown
 alleging causes of action for nuisance and related claims. The complaints stemmed from the nuisance cases previously filed in the Superior Court of Wake County. On February 23
 2015
 all 25 complaints were amended and one complaint was severed into two separate actions. The 26 currently pending complaints were filed on behalf of 541 plaintiffs and relate to approximately 14 company-owned and 75 contract farms. All 26 complaints include causes of action for temporary nuisance and negligence and seek recovery of an unspecified amount of compensatory
 special and punitive damages
 as well as unspecified injunctive and equitable relief. Murphy-Brown is in the process of responding to the complaints in all 26 cases. The Company believes that the claims are unfounded and intends to defend the suits vigorously.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our policy for establishing accruals and disclosures for contingent liabilities is contained in Note 1-Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. We established a reserve estimating our expenses to defend against these and similar potential claims on the Successor's opening balance sheet. Consequently
 expenses and other liabilities associated with these claims for subsequent periods will not affect our profits or losses unless our reserve proves to be insufficient or excessive. However
 legal expenses incurred in our and our subsidiaries&amp;#8217; defense of these claims and any payments made to plaintiffs through unfavorable verdicts or otherwise will negatively impact our cash flows and our liquidity position. Given that these matters are in its very preliminary stages and given the inherent uncertainty of the outcome for these and similar potential claims


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:99.0234375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=76% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Prepaids and other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;65.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;66.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred income taxes


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:98.046875%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=33 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=34% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;95.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;95.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;53.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;53.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Equity&amp;#160;securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. common stock:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Health care&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Financial services&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;44.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;44.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;33.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;33.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Retail and consumer products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Energy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Information technology&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;75.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;75.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;42.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;42.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Manufacturing and industrials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Telecommunications&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International common stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;131.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;131.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;139.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;139.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mutual funds:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;75.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;75.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;95.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;95.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Domestic small cap&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;34.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;34.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commingled funds:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mutual funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Asset-backed securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Emerging markets securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate debt securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;297.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;297.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;343.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;343.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Government debt securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;204.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;204.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;112.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;112.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Alternative investments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Diversified investment funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;59.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;59.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;55.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;55.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Limited partnerships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Insurance contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:76px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;453.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;715.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
206.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;378.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;698.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
116.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unsettled transactions
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:3px double #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:3px double #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:76px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
214.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1


 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in Years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Amortized intangible assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Customer relations assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14-16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;54.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;55.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Patents
 rights and leasehold interests&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5-25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Contractual relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17-22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(8.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortized intangible assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;89.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Non-amortized intangible assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trademarks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Indefinite&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
291.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
309.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intangible assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
380.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1


 expected quantities delivered and anticipated performance. Our estimated future obligations under these commitments are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=32% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=56% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
524.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
245.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;September 27 - December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29 - September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:99.8046875%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=76% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29


 fresh meats and hog production for the periods indicated:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=40% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;September 27 - December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29 - September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Packaged meats&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh meats &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hog production &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:36px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;Includes feathers


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;September 27 - December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29 - September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Internal hog sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;76&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;External hog sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other products &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:16px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:36px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;Consists primarily of grains


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29 - December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Income statement information:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
564.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
717.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
464.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
536.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;571.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;389.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;564.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;583.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(71.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Balance sheet information:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;913.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;821.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Long-term assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
046.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
051.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
021.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;999.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Long-term liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
046.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Three months ended December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Five months ended September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Twelve months ended April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Twelve months ended April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Lower of cost or market allowance:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Twelve months ended December 28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Three months ended December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Five months ended September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Twelve months ended April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Twelve months ended April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred tax valuation allowance:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Twelve months ended December 28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;42.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(7.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;34.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Three months ended December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(11.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;42.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Five months ended September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;43.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(7.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Twelve months ended April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;54.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(17.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;43.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Twelve months ended April 29


 the Consolidated Statements of Income for the eight months ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and December 30
 2012 are presented as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:96.6796875%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=62% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(unaudited)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Eight Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;September 27 - December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29 - September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 30
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
894.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
679.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
898.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
543.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
190.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
943.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;351.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;489.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;955.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Selling


 property
 workers&amp;#8217; compensation


 which are expensed upon the first airing &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; the advertisement. Promotional sponsorship costs are expensed as the promotional events occur. Advertising costs totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$165.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$48.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$63.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$143.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$122.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three months ended December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;five months ended September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve months ended April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve months ended April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively


 2012. The pro forma data is for informational purposes only and may not necessarily reflect the actual results of operations had the Merger been consummated on April&amp;#160;30
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=76% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Eight Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions and unaudited)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
573.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13
221.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;192.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;219.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The most significant pro forma adjustments were to reflect the impact of fair value step-ups of both assets and liabilities (e.g.
 inventory
 property
 plant and equipment


 2013
 we entered into the Merger Agreement with WH Group and Merger Sub. The Merger was consummated on the Merger Date
 and as a result
 Merger Sub merged with and into the Company
 with the Company surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of WH Group. Upon completion of the Merger
 all outstanding shares of Smithfield were cancelled and the Company's shareholders received &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$34.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in cash (the Merger Consideration) for each share of common stock held prior to the effective time of the Merger.  Additionally
 all outstanding stock-based compensation awards
 both vested and unvested
 were converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration
 less the exercise price of such awards
 if any. The total consideration paid in connection with the Merger was approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4.9 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On July 31
 2013
 Merger Sub issued&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;$500.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;aggregate principal amount of 5.25% senior notes due August 1
 2018 and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;$400.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;aggregate principal amount of 5.875% senior notes due August 1
 2021 (together
 the Merger Sub Notes). Merger Sub incurred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;$20.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;in transaction fees in connection with issuance of the Merger Sub Notes
 which are being amortized over the life of the Merger Sub Notes. As a result of the Merger and the transactions entered into in connection therewith
 we have assumed the liabilities and obligations of Merger Sub
 including Merger Sub's obligations under the Merger Sub Notes. Proceeds from the Merger Sub Notes were held in escrow prior to the Merger Date and used in funding the Merger. The proceeds were used to fund a portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the total consideration paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;
 repay certain outstanding debt of the Company and pay certain transaction fees associated with the Merger.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;WH Group is the majority shareholder of Henan Shuanghui Investment &amp;amp; Development Co.
 which is China's largest meat processing enterprise and China's largest publicly traded meat products company as measured by market capitalization.  WH Group is a pioneer in the Chinese meat processing industry with over 30 years of history. WH Group's businesses include hog production
 meat processing
 fresh meat and packaged meats production and distribution.  The merging of WH Group's distribution network with our strong management team
 leading brands and vertically integrated model will allow us to provide high-quality
 competitively priced and safe U.S. meat products to consumers in markets around the world.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;padding-top:6px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;WH Group's cost of acquiring the Company has been pushed-down to establish a new accounting basis for the Company.  The consolidated balance sheets
 as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 reflect various fair value estimates and analyses
 including work performed by third-party valuation specialists.  This work was finalized during the third quarter of 2014 with no material adjustments. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;The following is a summary of the allocation of the total purchase consideration to the estimated fair values of our assets acquired
 liabilities assumed and noncontrolling interests by WH Group in the transaction:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.609375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=82% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=15% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;250.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;764.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
504.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;214.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
719.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
631.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;479.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
403.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;171.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Assets acquired by WH Group&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
138.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current portion of long-term debt and capital lease obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;239.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;535.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued expenses and other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;590.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Long-term debt and capital lease obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
509.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net long-term pension liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;522.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred income taxes
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;664.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;125.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Liabilities assumed by WH Group&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
187.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;48.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total purchase consideration&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
903.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accounts receivable and accounts payable
 as well as certain other current and non-current assets and liabilities
 were valued at their existing carrying values as they approximated fair value of those items at the time of the Merger
 based on management's judgments and estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Inventories were valued using a net realizable value approach with the exception of manufacturing supplies and other inventories
 which were valued using the replacement cost approach.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment have been valued using a combination of the market approach and the indirect cost approach which is based on current replacement and/or reproduction cost of the asset as new
 less depreciation attributable to physical
 functional and economic factors.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;Intangible assets acquired include trademarks
 customer relations assets
 contractual relationships and rights with fair values of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;$1.3 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;$55.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$40.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 resp&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;ectively.  The customer relations assets
 contractual relationships and rights will be amortized over useful lives of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;y&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;ears
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; yea&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;rs
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The trademarks are not subject to amortization.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trademarks
 including trade names
 have been valued using the relief from royalty method. We utilized a bottoms-up approach to assess the appropriate royalty rates for trade names focused on consideration of the profitability of each trade name
 the implied premium margin earned on branded versus private label sales of similar products for each trade name
 market studies and third-party comparable licensing agreements.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Customer relations assets were determined using the multi-period excess earnings methodology utilizing our forecasted metrics and/or a market participant distributor model.  Contractual relationships were valued based on the time and associated costs that would be required to recreate the existing relationships in addition to the lost profits over this time period using the avoided costs or lost profits method. Rights were also valued using an avoided costs or lost profits method.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The benefit obligation for both our qualified and non-qualified defined benefit pension plans was remeasured as of the Merger Date with the assistance of an independent third-party actuary.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Existing long-term debt assumed in the Merger was fair valued based on quoted market prices. Long-term debt assumed included our outstanding 6.625% senior unsecured notes due August 2022 (the 2022 Notes) and our outstanding 7.75% senior unsecured notes due July 2017 (the 2017 Notes).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred income tax assets and liabilities as of the Merger Date represent the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as a result of the Merger and their tax basis.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;Goodwill reflects the amount of the total consideration paid that exceeded the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired
 liabilities assumed and noncontrolling interests.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Goodwill recognized as a result of the Merger and is not deductible for tax purposes.  See Note &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Reportable Segments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the allocation of goodwill to our reportable segments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In connection with the Merger
 we incurred &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$23.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$18.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of professional fees during the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three months ended December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;five months ended September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. These fees are recognized in merger related costs on the consolidated statements of income. In addition
 Merger Sub deferred &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$17.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of debt issuance costs for a financing arrangement. We recognized these deferred costs in interest expense during the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three months ended December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; upon termination of the financing arrangement following the Merger.  All of these charges are reflected in the results of our Corporate segment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following unaudited pro forma financial data summarizes the Company's results of operations as if the Merger had occurred as of April&amp;#160;30
 2012. The pro forma data is for informational purposes only and may not necessarily reflect the actual results of operations had the Merger been consummated on April&amp;#160;30
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=76% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Eight Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:top;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions and unaudited)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
573.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13
221.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;192.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;219.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The most significant pro forma adjustments were to reflect the impact of fair value step-ups of both assets and liabilities (e.g.
 inventory
 property
 plant and equipment
 long-term debt) and fees and expenses related to the Merger noted above.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Kansas City Sausage
 LLC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In May 2013
 we acquired a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; interest in Kansas City Sausage Company
 LLC (KCS)
 for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$36.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in cash.  Upon closing
 in addition to the cash purchase price
 we advanced &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$10.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to the seller in exchange for a promissory note
 which is secured by the remaining membership interests in KCS held by the seller (the Advance Note).  The Advance Note was recorded in other assets in the consolidated balance.  Additionally
 we entered into a revolving loan agreement with KCS
 under which we agreed to make loans from time to time up to an aggregate principal amount of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$20.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The aggregate amount of any obligations incurred under the revolving loan agreement is secured by a first priority security interest in all of the assets of KCS.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;KCS is a leading U.S. sausage producer and sow processor with annual revenues exceeding &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$300.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in 2014.  The merging of KCS's low-cost
 efficient operations and high-quality products with our strong brands and sales and marketing team should contribute growth to our packaged meats business.  KCS operates in Des Moines
 Iowa and Kansas City
 Missouri. In Des Moines
 KCS produces premium raw materials for sausage
 as well as value-added products
 including boneless hams and hides. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;KCS is managed by its Board of Directors
 which makes decisions that most significantly impact the economic performance of KCS. We have the right to nominate and elect the majority of the members of the Board of Directors of KCS
 and based on the associated voting rights
 we have determined that we have a controlling financial interest in KCS. As a result
 the acquisition of our interest in KCS was accounted for in the Fresh Pork and Packaged Meats segments using the acquisition method of accounting
 which requires
 among other things
 that assets acquired
 liabilities assumed and noncontrolling interests in the acquiree be recognized at their fair values as of the acquisition date. The purchase price allocation includes assets acquired
 excluding goodwill
 of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$39.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 liabilities assumed of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$10.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 goodwill of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$43.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and redeemable noncontrolling interests of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$36.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;Our initial estimate of the fair value of the noncontrolling interests was measured based on market multiples for similar companies in our industry and consideration of the terms of the acquisition
 which provide the noncontrolling interest holder the right to exercise a put option at any time after the fifth anniversary of the acquisition
 which would obligate us to redeem their interest. The noncontrolling interests is classified outside of equity as redeemable noncontrolling interests in the consolidated condensed balance sheet. The redemption amount is the greater of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;$45.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;or the result of a computed amount based on a fixed multiple of earnings. We have elected to accrete changes in the redemption amount of the noncontrolling interest over the five year period until it becomes redeemable. If the noncontrolling interests had been redeemable as of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the redemption amount would have been &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$45.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;American Skin Food Group
 LLC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In September 2012
 we acquired a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;70%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; controlling interest in American Skin Food Group
 LLC (American Skin) for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$24.2&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in cash.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Located in Burgaw
 North Carolina
 American Skin manufactures and supplies pork rinds to the snack food industry. By leveraging our coordinated sales and marketing team
 we believe American Skin can expand into new markets both domestically and internationally
 which could substantially increase current sales of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$25.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and net income of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$3.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; annually over the next five to seven years with minimal additional plant investment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The acquisition of American Skin was accounted for in the Packaged Meats segment using the acquisition method of accounting. The purchase price allocation includes assets acquired
 excluding goodwill
 of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$18.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 liabilities assumed of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 goodwill of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$16.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and noncontrolling interests of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$10.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Goodwill was recognized to reflect the amount of the enterprise fair value that exceeded the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The amount of goodwill that is expected to be deductible for tax purposes is &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$10.5&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The fair value of the noncontrolling interests was measured based on market multiples for similar public companies and consideration of the terms of the acquisition
 which provide the noncontrolling interests holders the right to exercise a put option
 which would obligate us to redeem their interests. The redemption amount is based on a fixed multiple of earnings


 Inc.
&lt;div style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;font-weight:bold;text-decoration:none;&gt;PENSION AND OTHER RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Company Sponsored Defined Benefit Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We provide the majority of our U.S. employees with pension benefits. Salaried employees are provided benefits based on years of service and average salary levels. Hourly employees are provided benefits of stated amounts for each year of service.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table presents a reconciliation of the pension benefit obligation, plan assets and the funded status of these pension plans:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=74% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28, &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29, &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Change in benefit obligation:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefit obligation at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1,653.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1,813.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;48.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;84.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;54.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(69.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits paid &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(154.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(66.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Remeasurement at the Merger Date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(189.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actuarial loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;254.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:68px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefit obligation at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1,815.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1,653.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Change in plan assets: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(3)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1,122.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1,110.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actual return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;122.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;34.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Employer contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;167.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(69.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits paid &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(128.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(42.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:68px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1,214.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1,122.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:100px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Funded status&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(601.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(530.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheet:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net long-term pension liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(574.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(504.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued expenses and other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(26.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(25.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:68px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net amount recognized at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(601.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(530.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:36px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;The beginning of the year is December 30, 2013 and April 29, 2013 for the period ending &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;December 28, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;29, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:36px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Benefit payments for our defined benefit pension plans during the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;three months ended December 29, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;five months ended September 26, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$39.4&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$27.2&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;, respectively. Benefit payments for our qualified defined benefit pension plans during the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;three months ended December 29, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;five months ended September 26, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$16.1&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$26.0&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;, respectively. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:16px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:36px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(3)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Excludes the assets and related activity of our non-qualified defined benefit pension plans. The fair value of assets related to our non-qualified plans was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$107.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$124.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;29, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;, respectively. We made &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$6.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; of cash contributions to our non-qualified plans in the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;twelve months ended December 28, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;.  We made no cash contributions to our non-qualified plans in the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;three months ended December 29, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; nor the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;five months ended September 26, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;. Benefits paid for our non-qualified plans were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$26.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;, &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$23.3&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$1.2&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; for the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;twelve months ended December 28, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;, the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;three months ended December 29, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;five months ended September 26, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:4px;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit pension plans was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.7 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.6&amp;#160;billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;29, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;, respectively. The accumulated benefit obligation for all&amp;#160;of our&amp;#160;defined benefit pension plans exceeded the fair value of plan assets for all periods presented.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:4px;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:4px;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:4px;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table shows the pre-tax unrecognized items included as components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to our defined benefit pension plans as of the dates indicated:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:98.6328125%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=77% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28, &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29, &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unrecognized actuarial gain (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(193.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unrecognized prior service credit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We expect to recognize &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$4.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; million of the actuarial loss in net periodic pension cost in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table presents the components of the net periodic pension cost for the periods indicated:&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:99.8046875%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=20 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=46% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 28, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;September 27 - December 29, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29 - September 26, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;29, 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=19 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;48.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;47.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;84.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;74.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;75.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Expected return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(85.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(19.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(35.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(78.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(79.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;52.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Settlement loss &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net periodic pension cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;44.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:36px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;A settlement loss was recognized as the result of terminated vested participants in our qualified plans electing an early cash payout.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table shows our weighted average assumptions for the periods indicated:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:99.8046875%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=46% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 28, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;September 27 - December 29, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29 - September 26, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;29, 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Discount rate to determine net periodic benefit cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Discount rate to determine benefit obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Rate of compensation increase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We use an independent third-party actuary to assist in the determination of assumptions used and the measurement of our pension obligation and related costs. We review and select the discount rate to be used in connection with our pension obligation annually. In determining the discount rate, we used a hypothetical model that used the yield on corporate bonds (rated AA or better) that coincides with the cash flows of the plans&amp;#8217; estimated benefit payouts. The model uses a yield curve approach to discount each cash flow of the liability stream at an interest rate specifically applicable to the timing of each respective cash flow. Using imputed interest rates, the model sums the present value of each cash flow stream to calculate an equivalent weighted average discount rate. We use this resulting weighted average discount rate&amp;#160;to determine our&amp;#160;final discount rate.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During 2014, we used a new mortality table based on the Mercer Industry Longevity Experience Study (MILES).  The mortality table has the flexibility to consider industry specific groups, such as blue collar or white collar.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;To determine the expected long-term return on plan assets, we consider the current and anticipated asset allocations, as well as historical and estimated returns on various categories of plan assets.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Long-term trends are evaluated relative to market factors such as inflation, interest rates and fiscal and monetary polices in order to assess the capital market assumptions. Over the 5-year period ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;28, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;29, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;, the average rate of return on plan assets was approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.81%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;12.11%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;, respectively.  Actual results that differ from our assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future periods and, therefore, affect expense in future periods.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pension plan assets may be invested in cash and cash equivalents, equities, debt securities, insurance contracts and real estate. Our investment policy for the pension plans is to balance risk and return through a diversified portfolio of high-quality equity and fixed income securities. Equity targets for the pension plans are as indicated in the following table. Maturity for fixed income securities is managed such that sufficient liquidity exists to meet near-term benefit payment obligations. The plans retain outside investment advisors to manage plan investments within parameters established by our plan trustees.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table presents the fair value of our qualified pension plan assets by major asset category as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;28, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;29, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The allocation of our pension plan assets is based on the target range presented in the following table.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:98.4375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=65% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28, &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29, &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Target&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Range&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Asset category:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;text-indent:-24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents, net of unsettled transactions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;103.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;60.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:12px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0-4%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;459.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;455.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:12px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30-50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Debt securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;555.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;512.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:12px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35-55%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Alternative assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;94.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:12px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5-20%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1,214.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1,122.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;See Note &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;Fair Value Measurements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for additional information about the fair value of our pension assets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We generally contribute the minimum amount required under government regulations to our qualified pension plans, plus amounts necessary to maintain an &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;80%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; funded status in order to avoid benefit restrictions under the Pension Protection Act. We do not expect to have a funding requirement in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for our qualified pension plans.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Expected future benefit payments for our defined benefit pension plans are as follows:&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=32% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=56% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;98.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;101.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;105.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;88.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;91.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020-2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;511.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Multiemployer Defined Benefit Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In addition to our Company sponsored defined benefit pension plans, we contribute to several multiemployer defined benefit pension plans under collective bargaining agreements that cover certain of our union-represented employees. The risks of participating in such plans are different from the risks of single-employer plans, in the following respects:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#9642;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Assets contributed to a multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#9642;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;If a participating employer ceases to contribute to a multiemployer plan, the unfunded obligation of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:16px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#9642;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;If we were to withdraw from a multiemployer plan, we may be required to pay the plan an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan and on the history of our participation in the plan prior to withdrawal. This is referred to as a withdrawal liability.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Each multiemployer plan in which we participate has a certified zone status as currently defined by the Pension Protection Act of 2006. The zone status is based on information provided to us and other participating employers by each plan and is certified by the plan's actuary. The following are descriptions of the zone status types based on criteria established under the Internal Revenue Code (IRC):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#9642;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Red&amp;#8221; Zone&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;Plan has been determined to be in &amp;#8220;critical status&amp;#8221; and is generally less than 65% funded. A rehabilitation plan
 as required under the IRC
 must be adopted by plans in the red zone. Plan participants may be responsible for the payment of surcharges
 in addition to the contribution rate specified in the applicable collective bargaining agreement
 for a plan in &amp;#8220;critical status

&amp;#8221; and is generally at least 80% funded.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;All plans in which we participate were in the green zone for the two most recent benefit plan years that have been certified.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes our contributions to multiemployer plans &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=21 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=36% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Plan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;EIN / PN &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29 - December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29

 May 2016
 January 2018 and December 2018.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Other Employee Benefit Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We sponsor defined contribution pension plans (401(k)&amp;#160;plans)&amp;#160;covering substantially all U.S.&amp;#160;employees. Our contributions vary depending on the plan but are based primarily on each participant&amp;#8217;s level of contribution and cannot exceed the maximum allowable for tax purposes. Total contributions were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$18.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$8.0&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$15.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$13.9&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three months ended December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;five months ended September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;twelve months ended April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;twelve months ended April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; 
 respectively.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We also provide health care and life insurance benefits for certain retired employees. These plans are unfunded and generally pay covered costs reduced by retiree premium contributions


 salary growth
 mortality rates and expected returns on plan assets. Changes in assumptions and future investment returns could potentially have a material impact on our expenses and related funding requirements.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We also recognize in other comprehensive income (loss)


 Plant and Equipment
 Net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment is generally stated at historical cost and depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Assets held under capital leases are classified in property
 plant and equipment
 net and depreciated over the lease term. The depreciation of assets held under capital leases is included in depreciation expense.&amp;#160;The cost of assets held under capital leases was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$28.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$28.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. The assets held under capital leases had accumulated depreciation of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$0.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. Depreciation expense is included in either cost of sales or selling
 general and administrative (SG&amp;amp;A) expenses
 as appropriate. Depreciation expense totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$223.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$53.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$104.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$235.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$238.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three months ended December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;five months ended September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve months ended April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve months ended April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest is capitalized on property
 plant and equipment over the construction period. Total interest capitalized was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$0.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$0.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$4.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three months ended December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;five months ended September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve months ended April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve months ended April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 net
 consists of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=67% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Useful Life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in Years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Land and improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0-20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;546.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;551.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Buildings and improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20-40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;866.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;846.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5-25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
125.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;996.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Breeding stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;193.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;193.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Computer hardware and software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3-5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;34.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3-10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;67.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;66.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Construction in progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;191.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;106.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
023.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
795.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(270.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(50.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
753.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2


 plant and equipment
 net
 consists of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=67% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Useful Life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in Years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Land and improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0-20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;546.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;551.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Buildings and improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20-40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;866.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;846.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5-25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
125.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;996.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Breeding stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;193.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;193.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Computer hardware and software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3-5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;34.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3-10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;67.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;66.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Construction in progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;191.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;106.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
023.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
795.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(270.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(50.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
753.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2


422.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
814.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
702.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
092.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15
031.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;396.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;468.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;454.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;456.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
775.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Operating profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;196.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;260.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;250.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;224.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;931.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;105.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;142.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;155.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;152.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;556.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
326.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
337.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
337.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
894.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13
896.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;259.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;306.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;288.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;351.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
205.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Operating profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;58.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;89.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;78.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;111.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;338.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;34.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;120.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:36px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2013 represents the twelve months ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:4px;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following significant infrequent or unusual items impacted our quarterly results in the twelve months ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.  There were no significant infrequent or unusual items that impacted our quarterly results in 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Operating profit in the third and fourth quarters included professional fees related to the Merger of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$18.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$23.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 rowspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;September 27 - December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:17px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Before Tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;After Tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Before Tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;After Tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=23 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign currency translation:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Translation adjustment arising during the period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(167.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(154.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;29.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pension accounting:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;text-indent:-24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actuarial loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(217.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;83.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(134.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;text-indent:-24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization of actuarial losses and prior service credits reclassified to cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;text-indent:-24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization of actuarial losses and prior service credits reclassified to SG&amp;amp;A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hedge accounting:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Losses arising during the period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(166.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;65.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(101.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(Gains) losses reclassified to sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;218.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(85.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;133.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(Gains) losses reclassified to cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gains reclassified to SG&amp;amp;A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total other comprehensive income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(333.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;76.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(257.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;48.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(9.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;39.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=37 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=27% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=4% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=4% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=35 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=23 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29 - September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;29


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:99.8046875%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=76% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current receivables from related parties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total receivables from related parties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current payables to related parties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total payables to related parties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales on the consolidated statements of income during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three months ended December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; include &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$183.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$10.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 of sales to other subsidiaries of WH Group.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;One of our vice presidents of our Hog Production segment holds an ownership interests in JCT LLC (JCT). JCT owns certain farms that produce hogs under contract with the Hog Production segment. During &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;eight months ended December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve months ended April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve months ended April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we paid&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$6.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$7.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 to JCT for the production of hogs. During the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;eight months ended December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve months ended April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve months ended April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we received &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$0.2&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$2.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$3.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 from JCT for reimbursement of associated farm and other support costs.  We received no amounts from JCT during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for reimbursement of associated farm and other support costs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Also
 multiple other vice presidents of the Hog Production segment hold ownership interests in Seacoast
 LLC
 Advantage Farms
 LLC
 Old Oak Farms LLC
 Pork Partners
 Inc. and Lisbon 1 Farms Inc.  These companies produce and raise hogs for us under contractual arrangements that are consistent with third party grower contracts. During &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;eight months ended December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve months ended April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve months ended April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we paid&amp;#160;service fees of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.1&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 to these companies. In &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve months ended April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve months ended April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we received &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$0.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$0.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 from these companies for reimbursement of associated farm and other support costs.  We received no amounts from these companies during the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;eight months ended December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for reimbursement of associated farm and other support costs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Wendell Murphy
 a former director of the Company
 and his immediate family members hold ownership interests in multiple farms that conduct business with us. These farms either produce hogs for us or produce and sell feed ingredients to us. In the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve months ended April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve months ended April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we paid &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$51.6&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$52.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 to these entities for hogs
 feed ingredients and reimbursement of associated farm and other support costs. As a result of the Merger


 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$23.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$31.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$80.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$75.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three months ended December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;five months ended September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve months ended April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve months ended April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;




 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29


 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The allocation of our pension plan assets is based on the target range presented in the following table.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:98.4375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=65% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Target&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Range&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Asset category:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;text-indent:-24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents
 net of unsettled transactions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;103.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;60.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:12px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0-4%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;459.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;455.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:12px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30-50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Debt securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;555.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;512.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:12px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35-55%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Alternative assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;94.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:12px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5-20%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
214.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1


 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;September 27 - December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29 - September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;29


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;September 27 - December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29 - September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=19 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest paid
 including capitalized interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(182.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(76.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(147.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(149.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income taxes (paid) refunded


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;September 27 - December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29 - September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;29


 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;text-indent:-24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.625% senior unsecured notes
 due August 2022
 including unamortized premiums of $19.7 million and $21.7 million &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
014.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
021.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;text-indent:-24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.75% senior unsecured notes
 due July 2017
 including unamortized premiums of $38.1 million and $54.0 million &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;519.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;538.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.25% senior unsecured notes
 due August 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;500.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;500.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;text-indent:-24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.875% senior unsecured notes
 due August 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;400.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;400.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;text-indent:-24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Floating rate senior unsecured term loan
 due May 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;200.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;200.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;text-indent:-24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Inventory Revolver
 LIBOR plus 2.75%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;145.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;text-indent:-24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Securitization Facility
 the lender's cost of funds of 0.30% plus 1.05%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;105.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;text-indent:-24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Various
 interest rates from 0.0% to 3.13%
 due January 2015 through March 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;84.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;110.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
717.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
020.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(46.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(47.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
670.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2


 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pension and other retirement liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;222.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;160.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax credits
 carryforwards and net operating losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;54.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;68.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued expenses and other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;46.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;49.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Employee benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;375.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;362.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(34.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(42.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;340.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;320.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property


 plan assets and the funded status of these pension plans:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=74% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Change in benefit obligation:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefit obligation at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
653.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
813.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;48.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;84.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;54.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(69.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits paid &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(154.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(66.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Remeasurement at the Merger Date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(189.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actuarial loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;254.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:68px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefit obligation at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
815.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
653.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Change in plan assets: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(3)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
122.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
110.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actual return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;122.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;34.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Employer contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;167.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(69.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits paid &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(128.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(42.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:68px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
214.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
122.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:100px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Funded status&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(601.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(530.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheet:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net long-term pension liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(574.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(504.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued expenses and other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(26.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(25.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:68px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net amount recognized at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(601.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(530.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:36px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;The beginning of the year is December 30
 2013 and April 29
 2013 for the period ending &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;December 28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:36px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Benefit payments for our defined benefit pension plans during the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;three months ended December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;five months ended September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$39.4&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$27.2&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;
 respectively. Benefit payments for our qualified defined benefit pension plans during the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;three months ended December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;five months ended September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$16.1&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$26.0&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;
 respectively. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:16px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:36px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(3)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Excludes the assets and related activity of our non-qualified defined benefit pension plans. The fair value of assets related to our non-qualified plans was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$107.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$124.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;
 respectively. We made &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$6.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; of cash contributions to our non-qualified plans in the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;twelve months ended December 28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;.  We made no cash contributions to our non-qualified plans in the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;three months ended December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; nor the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;five months ended September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;. Benefits paid for our non-qualified plans were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$26.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$23.3&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$1.2&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; for the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;twelve months ended December 28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;three months ended December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;five months ended September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;September 27 - December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;September 27 - December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;September 27 - December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Commodity contracts:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Grain contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(28.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(8.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Lean hog contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(137.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(218.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest rate contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign exchange contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(166.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(214.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=37 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=23% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=4% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Gain (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) on Derivative (Effective Portion)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) into Earnings (Effective Portion)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Gain (Loss) Recognized in Earnings on Derivative (Ineffective Portion)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29 - September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29 - September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29 - September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Commodity contracts:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Grain contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;39.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;108.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;75.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Lean hog contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(29.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;102.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;54.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest rate contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign exchange contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(26.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;53.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;105.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;29.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;165.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;For the periods presented
 foreign exchange contracts were determined to be highly effective. We have excluded from the assessment of effectiveness differences between spot and forward rates


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;September 27 - December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29 - September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=19 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commodity contracts &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(12.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:16px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:36px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Includes losses of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$7.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; in the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;twelve months ended April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and gains of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$5.1&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; in the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;twelve months ended April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;
 representing differences between the spot and futures prices for fair value hedges of hog inventory
 which are recorded directly into earnings as they occur.  There were no fair value hedges of hog inventory during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; nor during the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;three months ended December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; nor during the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;five months ended September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and
 therefore
 no differences between spot and futures prices were recognized in those periods.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=21 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=46% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=19 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Gain (Loss) Recognized in Earnings on Related Hedged Item&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;September 27 - December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29 - September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=19 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commodity contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(16.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We recognized gains of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$4.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;five months ended September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 losses of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$2.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;twelve months ended April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and gains of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$6.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;twelve months ended April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;September 27 - December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29 - September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=19 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commodity contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;42.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign exchange contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-left:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;46.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The table above reflects gains and losses from both open and closed contracts including
 among other things
 gains and losses related to contracts designed to hedge price movements that occur entirely within the period presented. The table includes amounts for both realized and unrealized gains and losses. The table is not
 therefore


 as appropriate. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following tables present the fair values of our open derivative financial instruments on a gross basis:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=54% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:7.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:7.5pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Gross Amount of Derivative Assets/ Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:7.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:7.5pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Netting of Derivative Assets/Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:7.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:7.5pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Net Derivative Assets/Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:7.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:7.5pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Cash Collateral&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:7.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:7.5pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Net Amount Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=19 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:7.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:7.5pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Commodities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;72.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(14.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;57.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(12.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;45.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Foreign exchange contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;73.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(14.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;58.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(12.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;46.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Commodities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;52.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(14.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;37.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(32.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;5.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Interest rate contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Foreign exchange contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;52.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(14.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;37.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(32.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:9pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;5.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=21 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=30% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=19 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:7.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:7.5pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and the eight months ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=76% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Insurance Contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Limited Partnerships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance
 April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actual return on plan assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Related to assets held at the reporting date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Related to assets sold during the period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Purchases
 sales and settlements
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance
 December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actual return on plan assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Related to assets held at the reporting date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Related to assets sold during the period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Purchases
 sales and settlements
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance
 December 28


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;September 27 - December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29 - September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Federal income taxes at statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;State income taxes

	

 by level within the fair value hierarchy
 our financial assets and liabilities
 including assets held in a rabbi trust used to fund the Supplemental Plan
 that were measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=33 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=32% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29




 April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;231.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;130.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;420.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;782.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:44px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Acquisition &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;43.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;43.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:44px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other goodwill adjustments &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(3)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance
 September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;275.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;132.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;420.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;828.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:36px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Predecessor goodwill was allocated to the Pork segment.  Upon changing our segments in 2014
 to segregate the Fresh Pork and Packaged Meats components into separate reportable segments

 September 27
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
518.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;74.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
622.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance
 December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
518.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;74.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
622.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:44px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Purchase accounting adjustments &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:44px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other goodwill adjustments &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance
 December 28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
518.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;71.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
626.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:36px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Purchase accounting adjustments relate to adjustments recognized in connection with the purchase price allocation due to the Merger.  We consider these adjustments immaterial to the Successor opening balance sheet and as such


 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Livestock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;928.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
054.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh and packaged meats&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;961.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;956.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Grains&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;191.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;134.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Manufacturing supplies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;79.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;69.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;45.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;59.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
206.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2

	

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29 - December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29

 May 2016


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;September 27 - December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29 - September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;29


 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;160
500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(9
100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding as of December 28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;151
400
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Exercisable as of December 28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The weighted average grant-date fair value of options granted during 2014 was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; USD (&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; HKD).  As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December 28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 there was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$53.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested stock options granted under the WH Group Incentive Plan.  That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years.  No options vested during 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During the twelve months ended May 3
 2009
 we adopted the 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan (the Incentive Plan)
 which replaced the 1998 Stock Incentive Plan and provided for the issuance of non-statutory stock options and other awards to employees
 non-employee directors and consultants.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Upon completion of the Merger
 all then-outstanding stock-based compensation awards
 whether vested or unvested
 were converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration
 less the exercise price of such awards
 if any. As a result
 we made aggregate cash payments totaling &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:normal;&gt;$82.1&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to plan participants following the Merger
 which were included as a component of the purchase price consideration. The Incentive Plan was discontinued as a result of the Merger.  Stock-based compensation expense was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$8.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$11.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;five months ended September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve months ended April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve months ended April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. The related income tax benefits recognized were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$0.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$2.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 for the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;five months ended September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve months ended April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve months ended April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. There was no compensation expense capitalized as part of inventory or fixed assets during the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;five months ended September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve months ended April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve months ended April 29


 the range of notional volumes associated with open derivative instruments designated in cash flow hedging relationships was as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=55% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=14% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Minimum&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Maximum&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Metric&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Commodities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corn&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;42
575
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;99
580
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;Bushels&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Soybean meal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;346
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;827
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;Tons&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Lean hogs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;103
280
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
847
680
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;Pounds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20
886
129&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;U.S. Dollars&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign currency &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
966
921&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;34
363


 the range of notional volumes associated with open derivative instruments designated in fair value hedging relationships was as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=55% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=14% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Minimum&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Maximum&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Metric&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Commodities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corn&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;450
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
195


 the range of notional volumes associated with open derivative instruments using the &amp;#8220;mark-to-market&amp;#8221; method was as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=55% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=14% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Minimum&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Maximum&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Metric&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Commodities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Lean hogs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;600
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;414
600
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pounds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corn&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;490
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24
640
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Bushels&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Soybean meal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tons&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Soybeans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;75
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
545
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Bushels&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Wheat&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;85
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Bushels&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Natural gas&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
030
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11
040
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Million BTU&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Diesel&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
888
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gallons&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Live cattle&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;80
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pounds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Propane&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;966
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gallons&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign currency &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
272
810&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;85
251


422.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
814.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
702.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
092.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15
031.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;396.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;468.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;454.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;456.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
775.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Operating profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;196.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;260.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;250.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;224.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;931.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;105.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;142.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;155.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;152.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;556.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
326.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
337.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
337.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
894.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13
896.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;259.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;306.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;288.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;351.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1

	

 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three months ended December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;five months ended September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve months ended April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve months ended April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:99.4140625%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=21 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=45% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;September 27 - December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29 - September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=19 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Sales:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13
418.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
476.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
051.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11
789.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11
663.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
613.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;417.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;627.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
431.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
430.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:76px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15
031.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
894.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-left:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
679.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13
221.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13
094.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table presents our long-lived assets attributed to operations by geographic area as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:99.0234375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=75% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Long-lived assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
402.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
397.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;996.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
053.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:76px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total long-lived assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
399.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;September 27 - December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Segment Profit Information&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Sales:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Segment sales&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Pork &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
780.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
347.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Packaged Meats&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
173.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
968.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hog Production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
384.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;889.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
654.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;428.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:84px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total segment sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17
991.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
633.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intersegment sales&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Pork &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1) &lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:44px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(56.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:44px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(12.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Packaged Meats&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:44px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:44px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hog Production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:44px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
862.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(716.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:44px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(40.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:84px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total intersegment sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:44px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
960.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:44px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(739.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:108px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Consolidated sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15
031.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
894.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Depreciation and amortization:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Pork&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;59.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Packaged Meats&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;89.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hog Production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;47.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:108px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Consolidated depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;230.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;55.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Interest (income) expense:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Pork&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Packaged Meats&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hog Production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;195.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;53.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(48.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:108px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Consolidated interest expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;159.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;59.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;(Income) loss from equity method investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Pork&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Packaged Meats&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hog Production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(54.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:108px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Consolidated (income) loss from equity method investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(58.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Operating profit (loss):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Pork&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Packaged Meats&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;459.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;81.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hog Production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;344.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(40.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;155.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(124.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(51.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:108px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Consolidated operating profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;931.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;111.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:16px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:36px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;We do not reflect transfers of Fresh Pork to Packaged Meats as sales.  In WH Group's segment reporting the Fresh Pork segment includes transfers of fresh pork to the Packaged Meats segment as sales.  As such
 Fresh Pork segment information reported by WH Group includes an additional &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$2.4 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$601.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; of sales for the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;twelve months ended December 28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;three months ended December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=64% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29 - September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Segment Profit Information&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Sales:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Segment sales&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Pork&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
240.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
924.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
089.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Packaged Meats&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
541.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
152.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
003.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hog Production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
439.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
135.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
052.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;643.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
468.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
466.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:84px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total segment sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
864.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15
679.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15
612.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intersegment sales&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Pork&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(19.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(39.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(37.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Packaged Meats&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hog Production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
150.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
380.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
444.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(15.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(37.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(36.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:84px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total intersegment sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
166.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
418.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
481.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:108px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Consolidated sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
679.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13
221.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13
094.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Depreciation and amortization:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Pork&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;45.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Packaged Meats&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;85.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;82.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hog Production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;63.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;71.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;39.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:108px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Consolidated depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;106.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;239.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;242.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Interest expense (income):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Pork&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Packaged Meats&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hog Production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;83.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;167.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;131.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;29.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(29.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(21.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(13.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:108px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Consolidated interest expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;64.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;168.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;176.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;(Income) loss from equity method investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Pork&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Packaged Meats&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hog Production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(13.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:108px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Consolidated (income) loss from equity method investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(15.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Operating profit (loss):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Pork&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(50.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;161.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;222.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Packaged Meats&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;149.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;470.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;401.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hog Production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;81.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(119.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;166.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;108.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;42.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(66.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(101.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(110.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:108px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Consolidated operating profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;129.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;519.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;722.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=77% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Segment Asset Information&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Total assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Pork and Packaged Meats &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
807.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
786.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hog Production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
142.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
136.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
536.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
714.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
661.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
317.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Consolidated total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
147.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
954.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Investments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Pork and Packaged Meats &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hog Production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;472.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;473.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Consolidated investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;498.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;496.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:36px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Given the nature of the Fresh Pork and Packaged Meats operations
 many of their assets are shared and not allocated.  Accordingly
 we have disclosed the assets on a combined basis
 consistent with how they are reported to the CODM.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:36px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$1.2 billion of trademarks related to our domestic brands are owned by certain holding companies included within Corporate.  Additionally
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$660.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$539.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; of accounts receivable were held by the SPV and included within Corporate as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;December 28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;
 respectively (see Note &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; for further information). &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:4px;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.609375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=21 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=40% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;September 27 - December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29 - September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=19 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Capital expenditures:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Pork and Packaged Meats&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;&amp;#160;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;120.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;80.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;156.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;143.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hog Production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;132.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;51.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;90.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;89.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;48.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:68px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Consolidated capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;301.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;69.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-left:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;139.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;278.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;290.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:36px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Given the nature of the Fresh Pork and Packaged Meats operations
 many of their assets are shared and not allocated.  Accordingly
 we have disclosed the capital expenditures on a combined basis


 WH Group adopted a share incentive plan to provide incentives to various executives and management of WH Group and its subsidiaries (the WH Group Incentive Plan).  The WH Group stock trades on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In 2014
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;160
500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; stock options were granted to Smithfield executives and management under the WH Group Incentive Plan.  Stock options granted under the WH Group Incentive Plan are subject to graded vesting over five years and were valued in five separate tranches
 according to the expected life of each tranche.  We recognized &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$9.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of compensation expense for the stock options in 2014.  The related income tax benefit recognized was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.  There was no compensation expense capitalized as part of inventory or fixed assets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The fair value of each option granted was estimated on the date of grant using a binomial option pricing model. The expected annual volatility was based on the historical volatility of comparable companies.  The following table summarizes the assumptions made in determining the fair value of stock options granted in 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:98.2421875%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=6 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=75% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 28


 April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Additions for tax positions taken in the current year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Reduction for tax positions taken in prior years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Settlements with taxing authorities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Lapse of statute of limitations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance
 April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Additions for tax positions taken in the current year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Reduction for tax positions taken in prior years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Settlements with taxing authorities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Lapse of statute of limitations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance
 December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Additions for tax positions taken in the current year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Additions for tax positions taken in prior years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Settlements with taxing authorities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Lapse of statute of limitations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance
 December 28


 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=23 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=38% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Column A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Column B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Column C Additions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Column D&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Column E&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Description&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Balance at Beginning of Period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Charged to costs and expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Charged to other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;accounts &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Deductions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Balance at End of Period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Reserve for uncollectible accounts receivable:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Twelve months ended December 28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Three months ended December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Five months ended September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Twelve months ended April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Twelve months ended April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Lower of cost or market allowance:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Twelve months ended December 28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Three months ended December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Five months ended September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Twelve months ended April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Twelve months ended April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred tax valuation allowance:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Twelve months ended December 28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;42.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(7.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;34.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Three months ended December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(11.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;42.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Five months ended September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;43.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(7.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Twelve months ended April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;54.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(17.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;43.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Twelve months ended April 29


 we aggregate operating segments which have similar economic characteristics
 products
 production processes
 types or classes of customers and distribution methods into reportable segments based on a combination of factors
 including products produced and geographic areas of operations.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Prior to the second quarter of 2014
 we conducted our operations through four reportable segments: Pork
 Hog Production
 International and Corporate. Over the past several years
 the Pork segment has undergone significant structural change and consolidation. In the second quarter of 2014
 two of the largest Pork segment operating companies
 The Smithfield Packing Company
 Inc. and Farmland Foods
 Inc.
 merged to form Smithfield Farmland Corp (Smithfield Farmland). With this merger
 only two large operating companies remain; Smithfield Farmland
 which produces both fresh pork and packaged meats
 and John Morrell Food Group
 which is predominately a packaged meats company. Based on the evolution of the Pork segment over the past several years and the recent merger of Smithfield Farmland
 the former Pork segment has been reorganized from an independent operating company structure to a product division structure to more closely align with the way in which the chief operating decision maker (CODM) views the business
 assesses segment performance and allocates resources. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Therefore
 the former Pork segment now consists of two reportable segments; the Fresh Pork segment and the Packaged Meats segment. As such
 beginning with the second quarter of 2014
 our reportable segments are: Fresh Pork
 Packaged Meats
 Hog Production
 International and Corporate. The changes to our reportable segments have been applied retrospectively for all periods presented.  During all periods presented
 our CODM has been the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fresh Pork Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Fresh Pork segment consists of our U.S. fresh pork operations.  The Fresh Pork segment processes live hogs and produces a wide variety of fresh pork products in the U.S. and markets them nationwide and to numerous foreign markets
 including China
 Japan
 Mexico
 Russia and Canada. Fresh pork products include loins
 butts
 picnics and ribs
 among others.  The Fresh Pork segment processed &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; hogs during 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Packaged Meats Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Packaged Meats segment consists of our U.S. packaged meats operations.   The Packaged Meats segment utilizes fresh pork and other raw meat products to produce a wide variety of packaged meats products in the U.S. and markets them primarily in the U.S.  Packaged meats products include smoked and boiled hams
 bacon
 sausage
 hot dogs (pork
 beef and chicken)
 deli and luncheon meats
 speciality products such as pepperoni
 dry meat products
 and ready-to-eat
 prepared foods such as pre-cooked entrees and pre-cooked bacon and sausage.  The Packaged Meats segment sales volume totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.8 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; pounds in 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Hog Production Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Hog Production segment consists of our hog production operations located in the U.S. The Hog Production segment operates numerous facilities with approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;894
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; sows and produced &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; hogs in 2014.  The Hog Production segment produces approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;47%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the Fresh Pork segment's live hog requirements. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table shows the percentages of Hog Production segment revenues derived from hogs sold internally and externally
 and other products for the periods indicated:&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:99.8046875%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=40% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;September 27 - December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29 - September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Internal hog sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;76&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;External hog sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other products &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:16px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:36px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;Consists primarily of grains
 feed and gains (losses) on derivatives.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;International Segment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The International segment includes our meat processing and distribution operations in Poland
 Romania and the United Kingdom
 our interests in meat processing operations
 mainly in Western Europe and Mexico
 our hog production operations located in Poland and Romania and our interests in hog production operations in Mexico. Our international meat processing operations produce a wide variety of fresh pork
 poultry and packaged meats products
 including cooked hams
 sausages
 hot dogs
 bacon and canned meats.  The International segment processed &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; hogs and sold &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;489.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; pounds and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;533.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; pounds of packaged meats and fresh pork
 respectively
 during 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table shows the percentages of International segment revenues derived from packaged meats
 fresh meats and hog production for the periods indicated:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=40% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;September 27 - December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29 - September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Packaged meats&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh meats &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hog production &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:36px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;Includes feathers

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;September 27 - December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Segment Profit Information&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Sales:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Segment sales&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Pork &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
780.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
347.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Packaged Meats&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
173.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
968.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hog Production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
384.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;889.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
654.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;428.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:84px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total segment sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17
991.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
633.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intersegment sales&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Pork &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1) &lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:44px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(56.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:44px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(12.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Packaged Meats&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:44px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:44px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hog Production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:44px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
862.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(716.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:44px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(40.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:84px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total intersegment sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:44px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
960.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:44px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(739.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:108px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Consolidated sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15
031.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
894.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Depreciation and amortization:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Pork&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;59.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Packaged Meats&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;89.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hog Production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;47.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:108px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Consolidated depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;230.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;55.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Interest (income) expense:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Pork&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Packaged Meats&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hog Production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;195.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;53.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(48.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:108px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Consolidated interest expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;159.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;59.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;(Income) loss from equity method investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Pork&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Packaged Meats&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hog Production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(54.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:108px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Consolidated (income) loss from equity method investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(58.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Operating profit (loss):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Pork&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Packaged Meats&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;459.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;81.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hog Production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;344.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(40.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;155.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(124.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(51.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:108px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Consolidated operating profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;931.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;111.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:16px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:36px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;We do not reflect transfers of Fresh Pork to Packaged Meats as sales.  In WH Group's segment reporting the Fresh Pork segment includes transfers of fresh pork to the Packaged Meats segment as sales.  As such
 Fresh Pork segment information reported by WH Group includes an additional &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$2.4 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$601.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; of sales for the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;twelve months ended December 28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;three months ended December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=64% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29 - September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Segment Profit Information&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Sales:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Segment sales&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Pork&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
240.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
924.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
089.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Packaged Meats&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
541.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
152.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
003.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hog Production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
439.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
135.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
052.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;643.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
468.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
466.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:84px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total segment sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
864.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15
679.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15
612.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intersegment sales&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Pork&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(19.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(39.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(37.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Packaged Meats&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hog Production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
150.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
380.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
444.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(15.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(37.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(36.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:84px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total intersegment sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
166.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
418.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
481.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:108px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Consolidated sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
679.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13
221.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13
094.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Depreciation and amortization:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Pork&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;45.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Packaged Meats&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;85.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;82.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hog Production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;63.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;71.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;39.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:108px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Consolidated depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;106.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;239.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;242.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Interest expense (income):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Pork&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Packaged Meats&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hog Production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;83.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;167.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;131.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;29.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(29.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(21.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(13.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:108px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Consolidated interest expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;64.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;168.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;176.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;(Income) loss from equity method investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Pork&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Packaged Meats&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hog Production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(13.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:108px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Consolidated (income) loss from equity method investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(15.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Operating profit (loss):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Pork&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(50.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;161.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;222.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Packaged Meats&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;149.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;470.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;401.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hog Production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;81.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(119.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;166.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;108.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;42.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(66.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(101.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(110.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:108px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Consolidated operating profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;129.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;519.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;722.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=77% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Segment Asset Information&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Total assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Pork and Packaged Meats &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
807.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
786.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hog Production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
142.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
136.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
536.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
714.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
661.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
317.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Consolidated total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
147.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
954.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Investments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Pork and Packaged Meats &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hog Production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;472.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;473.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Consolidated investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;498.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;496.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:36px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Given the nature of the Fresh Pork and Packaged Meats operations
 many of their assets are shared and not allocated.  Accordingly
 we have disclosed the assets on a combined basis
 consistent with how they are reported to the CODM.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:36px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$1.2 billion of trademarks related to our domestic brands are owned by certain holding companies included within Corporate.  Additionally
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$660.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$539.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; of accounts receivable were held by the SPV and included within Corporate as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;December 28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;
 respectively (see Note &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; for further information). &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:4px;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:99.609375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=21 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=40% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;September 27 - December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29 - September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=19 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Capital expenditures:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Pork and Packaged Meats&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;&amp;#160;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;120.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;27.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;80.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;156.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;143.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Hog Production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;132.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;51.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;90.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;89.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;48.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:68px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Consolidated capital expenditures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;301.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;69.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-left:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;139.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;278.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;290.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:36px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Given the nature of the Fresh Pork and Packaged Meats operations
 many of their assets are shared and not allocated.  Accordingly
 we have disclosed the capital expenditures on a combined basis
 consistent with how they are reported to the CODM.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table shows the change in the carrying amount of goodwill by reportable segment for the periods noted:&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=17 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=52% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Pork &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Hog Production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance
 April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;231.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;130.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;420.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;782.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:44px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Acquisition &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;43.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;43.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:44px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other goodwill adjustments &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(3)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance
 September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;275.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;132.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;420.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;828.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:36px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Predecessor goodwill was allocated to the Pork segment.  Upon changing our segments in 2014
 to segregate the Fresh Pork and Packaged Meats components into separate reportable segments

 September 27
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
518.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;74.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
622.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance
 December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
518.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;74.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
622.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:44px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Purchase accounting adjustments &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:44px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other goodwill adjustments &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance
 December 28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
518.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;71.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
626.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:36px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Purchase accounting adjustments relate to adjustments recognized in connection with the purchase price allocation due to the Merger.  We consider these adjustments immaterial to the Successor opening balance sheet and as such
 did not retrospectively apply the adjustments to the Successor opening balance sheet.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:36px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Other goodwill adjustments primarily include the effects of foreign currency translation and an immaterial business acquisition during the second quarter of 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table presents our consolidated sales attributed to operations by geographic area for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three months ended December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;five months ended September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve months ended April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;twelve months ended April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:99.4140625%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=21 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=45% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=7% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;September 27 - December 29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29 - September 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=19 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Sales:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13
418.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
476.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
051.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11
789.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11
663.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
613.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;417.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;627.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
431.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
430.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:76px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15
031.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
894.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-left:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
679.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13
221.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13
094.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table presents our long-lived assets attributed to operations by geographic area as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:99.0234375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=75% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;29
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Long-lived assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
402.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
397.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;996.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
053.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:76px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total long-lived assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
399.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6

	

 Inc.

begin 644 smithfieldlogoa03.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_X0!F17AI9@``24DJ``@````$`!H!!0`!
M````/@```!L!!0`!````1@```@!`P`!`````@```#$!`@`0````3@``````
M``!@`````0```&`````!````4&%I;G0N3D54('8T+C`P`/_;`$
``@$!`0$!
M`@$!`0(`@(!`
`@(!00$`P0&!08&!@4&!@8'0@&!PD'!@8(P@)@H*
M@H&`L,PH
0H*O_;`$
!`@(`@(!0







`P$`




M;1-Y
Z*9(LD#S$W*P!()`H`^DZ***`BN=U/XO_``FT2_ETK6OBAX=L[J!]
ML]M=:U!')&WHRLX(/L:L^'/B)\/_`!C=26/A'QSH^JS11[Y8M-U.*=D7.-Q
M,2!D@9-`&S1110`445\9_P#!8'_@M=^S7_P2(^&EGJ'Q`M)?%/CWQ![^$_`


X)(




M-+\0^%M4DM+A)HF5+F

?+N8B?OPRIMD1QPRL#0!]R?LU_\`!JA_P5)_:?\`



MKI=G^[^WV6C?8]2MXV(WM&;C[33P#L1AB!R.M`'TE_P8X_\D]_:._[#/AC






%D_P!H/QN?&FL_M)^*_AKI&H$SZ'X=\!^9HMG%;Y^4
M)(F)K@=/GDD?/L






%_BE\5?^E_$'3(-
MIUU6S%^(A$[RQ.\0V7
XS&R
M'YSSD#`!U7_!R]^QO^T)^SO_`
%



M5.!W.!7\6/[3?Q]_:%_X*_?\%#[GQ]JBRWWBSXH^


M\2_V-XL\





5H


M


7]L[_@FA_P`%%_$_[8/Q7\2^&_V_C)J
M&G:A\2==N;_LOAGJDL-S#)J$[I(CK`0Z

MR&*D
?R?_PT_\`P2!\5?\`!'KX_:%\)=7^-.E^.-+\5:(^J:'J=K8FSNHX
MDE





EO^\DN%DE=VDB^](ZJNX1J[?@WXI_X)O?\


M;6/(\M

M48\(_P#!.G]MGX$_'WX-_&73-.G^`]U8_#'P?XMT'588'NY[35S-!IEK.@4R





MQMD59H85=0RD@@'!!(/%`'[C?\'K]M;I_P`$^?AC=)`@E?XR0!Y`HW$?V5J'
M&:_




M_P`%



M5U
&H`@@\$'TKPK_`(.N?V)/VROV@?\`@J9%X]^!'[)WQ(\::&/AGI%J=8\*

[GQQ\


.NH

_:9^'VE:
MPL@^*

M!2O]F;_@LC^S_P#\$

V%QKHC'V2.82?(Q_UAC5N#

M*=$_9.\#:U+H_AK3_C*WB^+PX-+AACU*XT;R)OM0F`


I




M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*_.O\`X.3/^GGP_\`V$/^?\`XL^%





MY


M`7[(H`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`

 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ScheduleOfFairValuePensionPlanAssetTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectOfSignificantUnobservableInputsChangesInPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_FairValueAndCarryingValueOfDebtTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sfd_WHGroupMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_Impactofinventoryfairvaluestepuponcostofsales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_Impactofinventoryfairvaluestepuponcostofsales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionOfLessThan100PercentNoncontrollingInterestFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sfd_AmericanSkinFoodGroupLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_BusinessAcquisitionProjectedFutureIncreaseInNetIncomeForAcquiredEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_BusinessAcquisitionProjectedFutureIncreaseInRevenueOfAcquiredEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionOfLessThan100PercentNoncontrollingInterestFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationGoodwillExpectedTaxDeductibleAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandAndLandImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandAndLandImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BreedingAndProductionAnimalsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BreedingAndProductionAnimalsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_ComputerEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_ComputerEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentOtherTypesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentOtherTypesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'


MO)^U#?SJT:[#K7/SQSBVS58/RD;3K$?_9#.903G_U5S%LVJNU96.$R&*N)E&

N


M*BFJ2@JKDN*JI
`J*;(F%%D3BJP)1=:$(FMD36AR)I09$THLB8461.*KE%
MUI0B:TJ1-:7(FE)D32FRIA194XJL*476E)K1I$UH\B:463-*+)F%%DSBJP9
M1=:,(FM&D36CR)I39,TILN8467.*K#E%UIPB:TZ1-:?(FE-DS2FR%A19XJL
M!476@B)K09&UH
A:4&0M*+(6%%D+BJPE1=:2(FM)D;6DR%I29TILI8464N*
MK5%UI(B:T61M:+(6E%DK2BR5A19*XJL%476BB)K19&UHLA:4V2M*;+6%%EK


L9R!+

J\
/%MWWVM[Y'%
MAZ*O==XJH]OOSOC)_*,'^+/V*SD:U3?G6S^B?N1-V-=]J;^?F[\PTVS]0)&

M!@``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`M54P(_4```!
`@``P`(`E]R96QS+RYR
M96QS(*($`BB@``(`````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````````````````````(R2ST[#,`S&[TB\0^3[ZFY(
M*&ENTQ(NR%4'L`D[A^UC:


O=V]R

@H@0!**```0``````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

HKI[=<W6S65?#
MS4;[:G7[<I+OWSS_NYNW^;W??OEF+OI+VO4W_KA?MSE/)6;-L
V3^MJOC36
MC]]H?U$T5_7?Y8B$)?6
NV;(FT_34.(]/FEZ=AG)T;*DFCD43TKF2[^C(TB.
MU60Y5D
YB^9J#L6_HV
#DN

DLD
R&73X&5H]A9\O`9#DVF1TDLV.3V4$R!S:9
M`R1S8)
Y8#(K=FN)@KWER

M%_F0!6/##@V
C&934$

3
QU6`Q;(_0T(TNZTT[K+M@@++<*R+<)B_!LB_#0(B*;

(D5.SRBYOC4S_Y7Q-4/



M._+\J14Z'BVA[+I#E;%J)?T2TS]29\EDXJ@R\-S`FSA#*[2'/`CIB]0

/2.CNDZ;A!Z!/2






EW[EN:EQ+4^5#\2._E@22W-1(-ANLF@2B3%26RD&'I<8LDJV@=-[$L3.X
M5TDFJ`L9D]5TT)B6YJ1!]-E]O_/\3Y[VN]08R;&L8W+)B/HCCECTI%2'%3

M


M2]`1(H_B#8+=0;`I*.6#


1B([?O'AZ



MM




TLIG#
2/K_O


65MOVS84?A^P_R#HO9)(W8
X


WSQ\/EV'L7Z^0-S?6%(WBV[Y9:.^[YIQF(;C
M'(Z$!W=QER&90B:GAX/'40@TNZ-[7'G?V`/^X3YX=.C3-`_7?LZ&9^]Z3R\




$9XIH58H]2PI9
@6
M9$RLEJP4!D-
E6?-4



DV[)D8;5=
MI3`JRK@P)U0Y@5H4(HG2X

METHQ]2W*Z$P*DKG8!`WGH$X&YJE6)K$[%+HS#&)F)*:.4/FVXEL:+70K
MR0Q7J-:L3`&7U4`=:SK^GGJ:7*93OC6XHL[.U

M')

M(

]




I6.A'KDY
M
]YRIGUXJA0&^S`M(_+7EJ5VA-T#&_W)J%'NL.H=__/G_&6/TN;/Q4&O7S'
MF3D/JF-0R)B_3SUQ
V=


MUGTEZY3


M@6NO


MR15KKU@::6HR#D\8*Y
2/:&8C-AFS'R3DBB*;B\R)1THO`$@*D-HH/RTT/01
MX*B(`*]8'I.]0C1OR2Q$3SG8I%E@VAH]H9B

G@2%(@^IM'ZX!`
Q!A(
I!I@V`M-BNU=


1$IFMA).^A

1!)(!0E063=6Z4?XUD)!E(-


M6VSAS/-DI;+:6ML?558P$BFET=M8(?+58RD39Z8M


M8UU_P]_
A[\
=O\#``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0^)UL%80,```*```9

!1]G[3_@'@/8`)I






M$76=
EM^.U:


%[`3_G9*J$8#

MGM;N=.;%=\$4A;'K[(F0CU2M=9WL+0K_VD2:J6T2-B*P+450;$7A?'=_
J
MTU8%KIU*Z(7S&


;
M4Z)K08Q48$!NI**B

MR*5O&9JAP'*A27
]&E//


/P+E=XR/Y@?F15L(IR`&6PM[PN'!]Q.L;



MSTXCK7E(PL?AG/-=8'/[*AKTPI3FLLUQ'$08L9;*@K=5CG_]?+A98J0-:0O2

=:VFE$L3`4E6A
M[A0CA3LDFC)HBP4A+?8

YH6=NMWA'+SA54LO2!$`7

I(9

MX;SSNNLAKF4NLA]')AJ0Z!4-&\TQ'!K2F\N-#QD[OIB[0?!28*\ZL*-CI5


MB

M#^7?`+\PLG

`4$L#

G*$@0``.0


TE$4931CU[D@STFBTEV=G`0UX`B3
M3L_?;]DFX#+T[N2A.U0=5YVZN*AL/KXUM?/*.E'Q=NL2+W`=UI;\6+7GK?O7

N%^W/WV87/GW8NX


M:HC[C41%^;M'F;FFZKLN.GW@-SOB8ZCSGS

[XZX\/OO777\6K4



M`03I&U$AAN1+D&C$^

MTJT+A\8PHI7E0T

M!%2

9&DEI
*R&9Q4IC(L4J

M`B
G44T-#&--O\&E(L)OE

`))ZT]7!)/`8'&L^GW_A_#UJ3K@(:FXU
M14X0@


`Z3=HMJ+S&:&M#(`L\VP2


$%``&``@````A`+D(Z6`8!@``7A@``!D```!X



!Y&[?'P8%NB?LKAUQN].=VYN

MD.Z5



MP7X2=*!ZF'].X_/++59OVP_`)YSQ5KIU@&*=A@RGZ&@AF)S0A]3$EGH@DP


M:K


M.$SD4T

M
63:)LIO!3^$F@@6)+CLC2#9?4U#
+$&*I+/A
MA8SL[3VCE&-SP]BD@#4XQT

A206

[')?HIBL^86^.-&'&G3$NPM)%%(
6#2$S?9?W&%B

M&#K-

.$NU(B5KX'O/)49Y2CMUA.*'`'SNX*Z&-B(6*
*-Z(<7<6J#U@0+%+UU




U\E




FTN=9'ONTZGX]2;


1_/XA%OE.V^Y^


MD]U;TU:G?Q5)]*:4$:\WLH!I]NU+=^$M5^O/6('QNJGX@Q7/]=9+L?0_
9=5



ML'1


M-DI:FOF@T
Y1:+L\A.U



N2-8MULG*1`2H',`I3<#9:3M+JE:W86<AY6KV*9'E+@5`#TEL2
MJ\ANN_



1QHKO](3!




21F2
*0E&9C6#?I/:ZXIN29O:A,7)30%@KC]G
M*1(R3L20F$)0U*&9#:?//&Y6

M#2%N7L]35SL$28(;TW4**;'AJ[S.6%(RI#,1GDQL6F-R(V_?EPHT'=$NI9



0TBUWS&EUR;Z)I-478;4FSZ#JYJ
MND92QLEL!+MZ751Z8Z*2/GG8]BQ[N;7,U',*&2=B2,R0A$I0S(;P;Z-R$1+

MQ[\WIS=V`P\1X#8`3L+0M.L01`:1.7OG\6LC0]!=$H:D#
EL!/N/I9WQ7TDS
&ULC%3);MLP$+T7Z#\0O$?48LL+


MIS3=MU#W:S*C[


R1H+



(+
MB`?R
+[KOI`XW
T:&UWW[#P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`PB?I=5`%``#<$P``&0``
M`'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970X-BYX;6R<6-N.HS@0?5]I_P'QWHYY:(D




M&@J[#7GB&7AF[(53OYPY!(M=8W4F
O!':YWII7B]]W^R]]]H=;WUD.Z(+RG9

NSZK^%K;*E^[GM7_2A(9
$
M7OR!75D-/N#SXY&X

M=YZ.$P82#*08R#0*X`6+YQ9)=XQ@1S=VZ!Z*IHX0CM[E)RU*/#`=W#V5'.X
M=M#J1)IGD2D&,@SDJ!)@
:Q((&C2$*



Y&Y0`

MU4A7JMDC'_?J3+/[@8.:4#[9#6%\;BX(D^-4%X;*XD@D:99Q

MZ(/;-[&#QGJFK8^
8YI/=D



#EXU?*)
MC4Y.E.D\U
^(\!`6[E.



7R6]$J*D64J1+UGD0WA-VRL]T?N]LTKVVH@W
M(X?=A
J7.RG9PG

JW
_)'SQ[B
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#DP+GAM
M;)18VXZC.!!]7VG_`?$^@$D@G5:2T1#HW9%FI=5J+\\T<1+4@.@.S-_OV5L
MH%Q.7Z8?.LEQN7SJPJG$F\_?Z\IYX6U7BF;K

MI^OSYI!7HN%;]P?OW

MP

I)
^VL?/.TVAQ(BD&EW6G[<NE_8?19&
MKK_;#`GZM^37#KUWNK.X_M:6AV]EPR';4=9@4<AGJ3IUX.$8+-O[7X8*O!G
MZQSX


7;$(IB:0JUL7
M8IIJ!VQ(R(DRNE


9`

M1Q[4O;'
/%I;LDPRG)'E5X7+#$L*/`D+=2I3^H_#6D7DX$0;X:2K;3.26C89
M1DQ*4MMG2E
#*

GLNF<BA]A:^M

C[TV7=[G\```#_
M_P





$8.?DU3Z//-=5BF8+/UZ&





BR]-_E85=8])VN*2
M]7#_W;F\=D.V*O^1=%76OKY=/^5-=844+^6E[+_+I+95Y8]?3W739B\7J/N;
M'V7YD%M^


PVM


M-H9KQ9TW42A:-UYG=C
09C+#AUZSL'ED$K99:837QSUJF)Y@RIM


MNS#/
^5$%

MTG0:KJ.N
^6$PQ[=#4-=
JSO.D-.A4(YXS@VY!P!NISAM/G(L$X;Z=_1%(K(
M22-

'%/R.3*='B5

MNIVM'EDS#Z20.XRL

M]Q5=RP@/-PM:*A3EP^MDA/


)H

MBB/

.WW/CWVN-QRH[;QPR8^&U9=Z[P
M

&0;YHG-P(:0



M\H
_3_5V.S=:.(E:1A


M6%$RQ2\24;1$L?Z-]16*SLBN


H%$`+HI?6HLM3'S;!1J3PD.39`9GB`IX9E`


M4%-79QJR9&Z`B\P&]@]0B8(2M0F4B`%O7L:M0





M````$`YVPE/6




M_QDOF\D+O

A?W[J

MO*@


M!5(*9!J`)
%M)!H%0S;3D!),$4MBQ;F5;JI#/9M$X1#DE%$@ID&D`4@!7
MWHH@5(%)(V1Y
P*Z;H5E!`=I#/9J6``BD%,@U`L1PM%S@\RTE4*P`RIU*


P^3$QXQ[BR+TKDIRZ;F!J
M$M'$5I3(WH:5D$J.F1))35X4AC9'X@S9

M=;H..

1K$2TO14ELAL2):1Z
M(C;W3#E@.B3K

AW!\8K&


2J8%O5Z.Y#A.%%L)5HA8GW(M
T:
M\YHA^][7YFFL$X\#=!#S98/6;Q!S$IM(NES:U[G!20PD-9!



CVY`HLR+L-F%6+C/2)3\94;;ZY8^N#

Z@32\]

MS&]@)UWU?X[G_P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`.%5J/3(!```:Q$``!D`




/AONF*CO:T_/@@#M7

MPS?!?ZNI6`^`].*=O]ZKTW#=VZNU$VZ\E;\




MX!+

MAH=2

MQE`D2
H1
@%L@GH.VIS)9)UB33&082!7`UX'T;?!S7B9B/\^?SG.S@:66/S
MK7\


DQ7N
MJU@%1A*#DQI(-B+B0=3#SP+L6LR^1CZGSDT@)(D[K[A9-:2[D)C4=6^5]+7E





-1UH'J



3`?$5#TVLQ8M@6RND(=026*4=T9K;4L

-H




M^KJ][D
1Q6%070_ML;Z^[
.___KT81

MOO3GJAH6.':[\/S,-QVBT5_.%=-V4?MK;JY=1V33G`Q^YET=^ZJCSJAYK+
M(HGCU:(IZVN(*^RZ]ZS1GD[UH9+MX;6IK@


?NK9O
M3T

)4N6Z\T[8EG@
MOG0^9#F4CP]=^Q9`DT'D_:U4+2MVL+)*1!I#00[*^*2LV@?@'MOCR+;BH?%
M5\CMP3CEQ@F*




`<F-,R*)`T0B<T]1$1G6#
M%
)&)$5XX90@SA%

#V3@)M
M02IG]XXV\U@A?]9(Y<:+#+V#2(KPBHU=7LG09&]TSO&BS+C<S
BJ0]GYE([

&J9\MEE.9J=EN/8ZY4`MM4;9.JUS]6V
:[#
M2(KPI'`-GI*JGJO'*/VPKYPE!
;D13AS'Y]3=ZCK\8)\YW9^2Y^;):3V2D'






?#BS$B?/)*!FW2G*&RJ)LLLE)2I-0N1.R\*TT.=B4ROS)JV*F$


M)TJ



[P)6Y_O4


M970V-RYX;6R


MBK(67AE1Y?W#*-2+6H;-_\Q&T1Z6S-L&8?X:!510I\3XM3BSNA21AND`#]




P?J\\Z/5:N
^0U6*`;0?0%^$16:D/P:)!HQ+F@9
M!4&:,T$7(=)J@F6
@:(:IE2G\\M1@Q(]$H
:=W:L&A
(TI'C8IQKR&1ZHLL



&17\I56



M.
=-PZVGCK8_`'$&*WZ*MG[ZWT@M_WGL
.!S.;+V]]Y[QBREHR;%WD!:Z#AX8<


N(!


MZT
'=;^AN&[NW/)F0=^W#26
G+@'=+X2NJPY]W

M


N46
M.B!
5K%G]4%I`&(`6`R5`4C@J'EH



II
M`4-K_J%6D5UHM;3L%2B7?1
&?)0_OBSSJS!


M`3BAIC


=QWW?E^-FLW^_)8M%%]+D]F



MF^+Y8/+^&F?%9ER[_X

M9;/V&S5[\?3;`M=\7KH?NK?ONMK%[VG=GN_O

MYUNU[?:/8;J

'@NVTY5=FX8;%[;KC[^YT2Q_72_2#(L8GX.B\3+
M*$L6J]N?624=5C&?.ZZR^/E5EL



B9V_H?.9GQ^#G4)O5)S+_)MPHAD1#&B(<&I6^:4AE[)786
M!5/(:*L

M#0F.V_K0A;CM
+XT%]


M'B/!/+;)?SXU#KCC)$HIM&0X)2L;4TI^=9Q;@93,:U#[M'7,?\80LH$4PC
M&5&

2.WSU/F=0P;C=O(D(II&


7.&1&
2$84(QH2

&S11CSHCP
MQ/H::QV)ALU32'P

S161L[.=4)-
M-&=$

SC


%%XTIKVF@\Y][4R=B9,B6`:R8AB1$.X\8F32_V



R_2G[Z'P``__\#`%!+`P04


M-YX;6R,5]N.VC`0?:_4?XCRWB1.@``JI)JVTJM5%6]/(=@P-HDCFRS;/^^

Z_/7SX=T\
M#+@HVWU9TQ:OP[^8A^\W;]^L+I0]\A/&(H`



D%;$P3M&Z(R-Z2X
M%3(98F*H92@(:%H%]85(JUM(.A_6JUJW)D1MF;(4ML7!`*(W



//4P=9#%SS(X&+F#X?.3WKN]





<UP4)W5*D_'H93+LMR3'T+8N+YZK0J-U:6NZUVQ(@@V=9
M'#P8T&X=(V5V96]TD$V

%.CT


#XUY5'_*UD1]+RH
8'2)E$
M.9QRIB=%_2!HI^::'14P^*F?)YCH
8P6203!!TI%_R`!AO\1-O\```#__P
`
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`PAI

M:&5E=#8Y+GAM;(R56V_;(!B&[R?M/R#N:_`IB:
X5:NJ6Z5-JJ8=KHF-8U3;




DKMFO
#[G_RL6V-M#M
MU&XI9`-.\(M:88\`9

O2E/G.)X%Z9S&891BM.':/`J[%Z-BIXUL_WA1


MWT5R?RF!2-)!-#*)1R8NIY@..=G5'`/O/*?90/)V7I2X]I_'GXS0Q_CM+/3T

;?REXC_%GFWY=Z:VHM.H

.S/

M\V4TJRZ[9E]?7AZC?_Y6'[;1K.O+R[X\-9?J




+2G^M=VW3-H9]#
MNH41RL=\M[A;0*:GAWT-(]#3/FNKPV/T*;Y7JR1:/#T


\2KY8_

!`^%$65?/CVTS=L
5CM

82?I0L9.RA)TI=2K6<`8W4!A%:!CN/1-!Q/L@TOFO

M(6(BA%Q*\I`5N9#B(:F?VF#`L&(G!JPI[8T83:))2:FZ#5L)MT;0H*!`62
M`H5`(`NVPH0L31\C&)Q;
2`K);)
T&98=DE&)J\PK5ZTH$!2H!`(-
(V11J'

MKGE-0_TKHB\W(7XNBQ$


M*1.$9%$@*)`CT$MALYF3;:C&9JAU(#(&.T31VL[-#.YZWAY38*Z65$

0I7:




MA_%(1A0FH=;0@VB]$^
I8;V71$%N
MH[!FYD4L1C*B





((`#]@DSH+\C41&')E`@6(QE1F(0JI\TF-68#UT+J
M^&-!$X7542)L)A\C&5&8A.JFS28U-A+.'2\W
QO;SVL1CNARK[(UO7&3+L`7

0G73=I


2(8D8PH3$)UTQZS
EZ!

*':/5M
ME-=;
(LV0[O^(LFU




$5YU30M=7JJJFIN3P3
MC&TJ!EQ`XG/^_72K6]+NO82=9/P0VQ^K&VGU16O+*)_^^'/_//JQ/9UWQ\/=
M.)C





MW*IX.9Y^_M08])_=]O5








M%?J2K).856H.


OR5$2





R[YQP3SJM[7F.KRR(FM=%
3!



EC%


M4\PGP=+[^IA]8#M1SIK$DV4S!-T_(30I7!
R($`$D`J(!%(#493XPV+J@#?V

E]9K_^UR7Q3/

M8``S

I@)2LWY\X.`&=5$`DD!J(HL2WW90%Q/8VLID[



]O


MBA+?.58!M$'6?)@!%RPOU9V*&@;)'S09D!Q(`:0$(H!4020VA%WL1VZ+:-H
M(]^M*[$_Q-BOHRROM)V*N@7!'S09D!Q(`:0$(H!4020&HBBQ#?G2LX/;5Y_

B`YD`)(40`J8!((#4018EOCDGA;UT@;4KW-RC^D8E5R+-\
M`B1UQ,[O:/C2GD&S'$@!I`0B@%1`I/V@

M&CSQ)R$G*9`


M[BV+3M*^;P5$`JF!*$I\HUG1T5ZH\%B@U^G8H:#

M0!0EOC57ZHCHI^H(I^JM2(D0#(@.9`2`E$`*F`2`U$$6);PZK([H]^L'
M7)96XU;54.6;1+S`2!VQC3X


M?&DZ%34)4CUH

:XY;]


U


;-
MAX0R:)8#*840`20H@$4@
Q#_.;LV].P]IEG\VW#RCOMZ?';;)]?CZ/-L?O
M!WW1#_6G.#O:_9\`7T+SW/C:7KGP36?-J]H)_@?UD_;M7Z]+@[G$?/VP?=


#%LZPI50X0.IFB6JE^
MXWDRKVE+I




!X




M!B
[.G@57LV.73_VI6VIJ.@7VC32R?F^



M6-D_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`G+RLKR0%```C$P``&0```'AL+W=O


MX(&'MC_XUV&X/X9A7UU94_8!O[


M_UY3BQJ`T






M@
R9


MV&ZHS+:CBL\GJQ:
`6H`EF`&[N18MQOTFQ+)^LM%C^RC+6B*CB)`K@)=#X
MP[N%9FO]#D)-Q(Y`C)^Y2)P(U'0R-V(`E(B6*9$6`D=SB%@U`3L56*.3*K


@?)
M':1P$&HBMCHQ369U3L&J88-4HOT@A5=ZL:?
*YAI1`Z.S2[8&!T7H9;--7O*


9([G



M4YTVSDJ-?[


M


RYX;6R45LMN
MVS`0O!?H/PBZ1P_+DA^P'406T@9H@:+HXTS+M$U$$@62CI._[Y*4+)(RD#2'

M]M\P]^\WGS^M+I0]\Q/&P@.%AJ_]DQ#M



FCB4[9B21+9*T5-D

269VI3M#8KCO!A3XC0;O%M6H;XWK$H4DNI[



`.J


MKC_#-O\```#__P





U5+V

PHI_1(-5%2U(



E@$H;=8EA0Q4V3U.J@P]1JM\
M@8+-6M?G#R47
7KV1








P5Z$/Y(HQ.2Q4.]\^C9M_````__\#


M&TD='
V*V-YP6H=+LB.#-
V)I$+AR#`S'^'032

MVR.;9!^AD]2L-_T#T[('BJ7HA'L/I!A)-GM;*6WHL@/?^VQ$V9$['&[HI6!&

(=@.J&E[ZG<MFP&SMS!,H9/,
M)Y]]-F`@;&ZK;(\SPNRA:ZP`^CE%C2\1




M
BYX;6R

_?F]NTN1)21N




MBQ^T)6`VC$D-8

M:J@$GU9#U0I`Y_A5?Y]I(:L
!;$=)6[@^1&R]D3('55GD96?A&3-/P/R+E2&

9TQ%N#;5,NZ%-Z%OH(1

MV@DXR



B:Z1
J/'O#QO
M];__\K\L=:UNTO*87FE)MOIW4NM?=[_^LKG3ZK6^$-)H$*&LM_JE:6YKTZRS
MRG2VJ`W4D++B59%VL!E=3;K6T728]NIN)KV9#(WBS0O=1YA78V)04^G/
N

0+_DU;[ZW076MR-;1


06=3
Z=H+J1L_9WUU+7NK&UK\RT56%XH'L;L@\+<+8MF&O9Q9L_E/
M1'&Z**LABKTPIO9LL?R99['`*YX1/'.?DC,V)9/;T]KJIDVZVU3TKL%8A6#U
M+64CWUI;<-$9VKDR6`R5SIC\&].WO<\&NC[SIHOIAOS'8J6=:)])X(G'E3V

&/XX9#I_^-&PV2/FZLD$0D)A@\




5EHH![]%GLX5AJ1@8'#!P
?`P

QHFB









'?O=Q\_;*Z4
M/?(SQL(!A9IOW;



G^SBJ^KHZH:(X%V&T:O#JQ4R)\W

MSJ'GR
Y)Z7B$)./)IA-3)AU3PI[A0XI]GM#)09Y=.A(UTPF7_7AE:S^F3*U\



MKP53'53%
#O!#T`3CD&W3WQ`[D9H[)2Y@Z


`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!U

2YX;6R45\N.

MC@_ULJE

:K$SY.2NO



:_'+)4K;BZ6O!RD:*5Q/&O_OF7W^D.M

M\9I?&@OD;.GH
.;8CFU0FD_/&40@TFY4[#(S?Y#)


5S[Q5^.@T_R*IW3YEGHW$ECW2]M8J:9+YM.(/
M`_8KJ-7W1.Q^
B%PTW55UQI]GT&WIX+^0_#;5=!!-5C?YB2F[M1^@\Y-.]*B

FE

'Q0X1CV
?OS
M!O^W&$Q'C@7D^?-QXV82OI_</-?````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`WVE*


P('29TG]<I00;`Y'NPMU`M^9=\0G=*W$#WK[C,GY(NX9W)+22OX



M]4%E2%^ZL(T^:4JJ&DL6P-X%
A?(7:`P`



M.%VX]5XXA%5P5[!B@N'#S'D?E(*=J
;EV[&
L$9(UB&Z
].I6\*YM3Z9!L[C
M4$Y'
K]=9R?)S&#H2/3PHU^Q-69GO

M%&K1&7]#[$P:[E7X!%NC8`$]S_34I&\$;=7+ZD`%#$'JYP6F6PR]%P5`/E$J
M^AOY_AOFY=TO````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`%3U%
FM-A<V:_


MV7G_

G
MUG@*K8-N!JK3Z+%^VKSMS_]JWJ-Z]_QR9M/='6_;[-F1V/]'AQU?`^S4-[^Z



MR[Z9A^:7
YE?LKNL1


MSC`;)#4K$71-]YJ1\&G$%`(*4048@H)A911B&G4%`H*50*:!GD1:Z:0KKU








M]'0.Y3VY65_)*.4+&



M03*0'*0`*4$J5?24?E);6E^I+660FEE:;7H0XX
$(%(!!*#)`I2`:2@Q0@







3`X+GAM;)2:VV[C.!*&[Q?8
WBK3F6[:[5


J'49)%LLU5OOZ)&:W#*.[G

C*(A]A(R*27S-?MQ
A\/76IF\]P

MGMY




M?8C6J'?1+2(,8)83*@Z7[TCZJHNXHY5C]GG[R0*(B:M!2:$&,(!83JLZ7
M[(@ZJ.1X[6264;7O;;E0G.B1^QSYQL;IQ2C`:A
7Z0C
J%V8YG*73A1C]@K
M5.&#4$ZTB#&6$RH.E^K(^J@A+LY_6V*4:$/ZCC1[D+85X-I&QA!+94G2_9



9#JU-W8K_`_L5F%
8W]A]U@1A*_'K9CN^M!9^%=

8@*/J96_#ZW&`,&H5H0
M(XC%AQR^O=&UC<+T?R(A:BPW`MVA5^
S9-D864BQF))7O/D;LV]9A)W6YY
M`0M1Z$P)H@4Q@EA,J#KO.1%U8$4WSE0*45@=)UK$&$$L)E1=W,+2#UA8B`D6
MQB_OB[%Y2C)W,3/&].Y!K]SMVC.$S4L[@)IU+C$%L7&]2ERK(;V23XG)GS2
T[J:L^?O^Q`SK68A
MB!;$&(QH=JH30W741GXR(V=&J*P.NX_6L0802PF5%W<D3+I2&*GAABL#7I!
=R6MEIWX<HK'4P)Z\UX5=96G0P@EA,J%3O')%E!4-A
MR\HNEO89MYU$V($<1B0M51:QJ3#M;B4HCN_\23Z(P;4&(%L0(8C&AZN*6


:%2

MCA

\NI_?7.O
M[U7NU975P@6_-$TW_.%6=#F^$/CX?P```/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`!^`
M=+Q]```O<``!H```!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T
3$S+GAM;)Q:VV[C
M.!)]'V#_P?![9$OR)0F2#$87D@/
`(O%7IX51TF$MBW#4CH]?S]%\2)6E5M)

MS[J^.CY5^_98W\__JKOYKP__^.7NO3U_ZU[KNI]!A&-W/W_M^]/M8M'M7NM#
MU47MJ3ZY;D]'ZH>OIY?%MWI7%=/PZ##?I$LEYO%H6J.
MV_:;=OW]24


M;(0@




M

M94HMADUT@_[ANLRQ]Y8VT`+9:8]$QH\N);RWJV+)$!4B.#7Z5)](C3WTT6&7

D2%:I#_H)DD8'D/4GO2*+G5K0




@94CD9(A@B&2(A'
1)_T
M$TR

M

'1R`OD72++'8B9.XBC;T.`WM5REOL
X^LJ2(\-=P/I(A*D00RV1:#`UF

M'F#]6K]0J9F'$C4C?DB&(9(A*D0P$RT5?K[!
M$J
DR`:C3=5Z68G&-YBWN\HJ/#)LR36]:2RQG444WNXB2H\
$4G5*&S=1AO4




M&45*

%2*8\+2(2B^**-JCK5=(V(P;D<+[:,*LY?(

I8
I:%OU\=Z3:S-:8=FGK-1+
&5)X1%.&&P'RE+ZD

PWLUXA9S-N1`KF4S)$
$0R1(4(
M9C*MHE*CHC[HTM9KG'?.D((A)4
$0R1#5(A@)M/R*+THCVB7MEY&*Z]2VO=R

'Y

MPB^+T#K.YNTK\Z5O3\

M_@8``/__`P!02P

M5;T\.VM81[6QV_[YC&PB&5;O-0X9XS-G+MAL/SQ7I?=$A62\WB'LA\BC





W
MR






MFZU-&\1NAQYIF9984Z)`TDE]&]KC@`'#NF&7`;OM

M]DA*LAC+2](&&];5AT0B?WS_W^


MRSPA






4WEO#USG:WVW3P!F3QS25\_TJK67?Q!A0R&D^7T-JA
M_7Y*/8=



G

F@AT8LOG_SV[
F+KS[]_;O')?!M@4=%^)!&1*);Y`@=\`AT
X9Q

+2L?V


MJ[!
R



^46YS3IBI=B!F?'




M


;6$/7ICQ^'M]&?[?FR/QT?QFPR&X_:X^[TM#^^


/Q\C!^





MW+-]RX66J%LN@50]


M=SX@L9T4`PKR0.6`A2H&I0


QE%Z!27I)@M92


MDV9D.0LLL0?K:6C99]R9/2%'IMWU)@OS6C
BCI5812U10(39Y86*[3RUS`XU

@I*@H*:@HJEH#&#%CY?X0_$3F
2/++IK

M(!F07!/AE3Q





Q5H6.6:L
M/7H


F/MPV;0*)KZ6%
2


M$@*)@

BY)L*KP\CQ0J'-RFD)I`)2`VE,8L7:(84E
MW95T=E)@T@.O7F/L2H`$0$(@$9!8$Q&=7QU?)5JM@I4R8#DFHAK#)U#:8%R
G3F;S7F+&G%6``FA!(!0&D@!)@61`<B`%D!)(
M!:0&TIC$#BB?(H8F$$=PTIGI-J37F`&5K6XD`$T()`(2`TF`I$`R(#F0`DC9
MD[Z@=QT'3@HJ2^+/%RNZ?M268KE<+:WC8S)5-9::N3-^['9;NWT_*3F=+#F
M].AA5J^Y)6

4/

D\
MT]C7\#W3A9T.4L+CU0RM*#
?'VH5U;`0F`A$`B(#&0!$@*)`.2`RF`E)J(

M0B`1D!A(`B0%D@')@11`2DU$
L@C5I:1D3F\MJRD:?
3HQU]4OKD,`2&([2
M'B!@01`0B`1D!A(`B0%D@')@11`2DU$%NX8F?0KRPR]O;;
_'5G^^/=QC*O

)`&2`LF`Y$`*(*4F(@E\
MJ9XXYELH)*J5I6;.:L)

ZUYCK5``B`AD`A(#0!D@+)


Z/

M
B1EL_OW'9(B-3/4WO*PFYPY&LT
AW





7J5D:CL'U1




M#1S4$0$B`Z0($(41&IN6A8G8K%K@*9^Q*9X+RQD:(Q9A8Q!&G$1LEDAO'ZOJ



M%@&B

MC7$'A;
!!XC`U\6BMCJY6X^BEO^X&#9DR`R``I
M`D1AA
8&M_]*A\3:3(L;/!D-'!RCO6I$I.?H+DI%Q!JC('8!CPEL!14A))E`



MS0MB%]RLB#E.4:_1)*;5-;91SJ%S\2!@Y/@\B@#3A$@B
T-BJ8OHLGA)*?
M8&

MB-D!\/A)'N2V[1:$+K`'3^L&'8GX*%F/*20K.-&!8#EY6!Z5-^

M36MN8C47$O)O53-6U7S@X%3L52
4*MN([;7%64D*_$ED8;O3Y.;.13IX+AL+B5/
MM@$B!\2^$%]M46\


MZ3):0RM_81F_^B;F_D\MST\$7

MU#:]TX






/*QFLV(\OZZF'P:S

ML1^?-'_\^\6('[_L?O-X-!_


M?E/=-I\[6DRG/%


MYQ])@K/BS7


RN
7DQK(KYN#A%8;3?.UL@IF:S<4LZ

MHG-:#4TT]IBGA;0-7\JC8B@

M5U-^C``T



5&V(46
MH


GW


MU%$YNS9QU-

MOUNH2]B?^'XVI^/WZ0)3+&J1#M1&0NG8F&7\WO'@RT1^G[Z$9]5EA=\@950K




.#NYL[.3E$N4
C3
MP3^#AYE\TMG?AA\&
J*QJ*\6IS_[#?1SB
1],6&EK@$IR&FK^[::HTE$



LNX/0F41XFTW`FAP.]
MH\0^3!KSM1Q-NM:H#ZK)HPR







MS\_

+_B0ZUT$'

M[@RXKT-6=P[0G.W.V'_SX3M3#.N#MB)'T9SMSIS%.K/=.4!MNLMRS\(1?Z$T
4<J_?6WQ2GYM:.3
MX[

YL7UV+)7_45/

M63&+]0I*9QH]*=PM0
/HN

!X




6@?Z@^K[#?K;`DO1DYMGBPOU9[(7BMX/I%8G09:B$
MJP]$%ED8I08

UB'<C
G1&P#NQ&/I#H$GB41LI,`B4'D)*CLPJK?VCLM(E##!Y@G
M(!/\V`BBQHL8V6'O+N`Y0X^<V&5Q7M@


B(A/&'


&YN
E0<-D%Z,RK^OAPMQ,V[
MKJ(?+TMP*@Q[$D.)`R*Y+CT.D9;`B5Z7D`C'#_9*UC:DWV$1H619D09Z`ZR


`H5H*8&J`^@.:1HG%*#N;R.=&R6Q(RPO10L0




MB

KZ6D@IZW-@WJ!B7






MKG7L5Z-QP!2TK)HW0^E2
IZ<D5AM#KIQUOJ0@?0I89-&9F?

M4)J%S+WJ!ML^











M[K




ML@A6'+I*T)D@-Z6*4^DY!#01TEJ'^D=O=^8+/+`\^-H-Q#Z0&+B:E*SZTA
MD:7(/!9M[KRIB+J0G.&'$4-








MS@+VR#9E+


M4D%+/K+LYCQ=?4\
L5-GF'\)



MUG:&V(](_R^(*%`Q-^U_4+9/@\W&EW/]T1SK*!=R'LP@K#EK!=7)YZ9*JMQ5



=U?)@TL)I
M?PCM:P54BZ&W(G)M*BE'+3
4P]NX7GBJ;]
C
J+3(0$E']0=A-[1P-^;$Z;#

TE^$WB\7:N^352(V(N$KXLQ+Y

VQ

+G;9AHF,#
M_4IA/YV%$0AFI[#!VO#O*YC4O9K1)V5Y8=L#4L)))W.FZB5$6D&H?;^U;6
M;_JU&XO%IEX/0!+B?

M3'

[;4:R(D

M+]]



T&+V2-!%8;.GHIB2F.GXZ[;G
;_`!VB

5FI+&:\0B=EBHB1
8C!)
MNRYAE\/DH@G&UV(9D6H*1.B2FDF0F61:@93XD$N$CPS$$M/:Q:J^73JN1QFE
M-#*\KGDZQ']:H;VWXD3PQF[HAA70RPO1=^TR4O%AUZ4Q9_^-R=1SIR(8PR




^%9L9^U`S=-;ZE.OG6[0,_B6@E#\DP\RXQ^6-L&22:3`CC_:4
MK^?AC.*


G=TJ



RIG3WD:P
MXNA/ZR#G/46@=^L


/46MY-I:!=T

W[9I


MZ0E*


XVR2M

8IBADJ;^^1



M;F
JZD21CL?7M1C26S+(NS-#*Q)1.TS?+U0X.VZ:H\.<67)`D4Y)5+ND4

M*UO2M89`8(#CN6?A&M8`D/1ZT-ZU`6/L45-ZQKL!K*S#A&IRG/AZ@RE*#?-1

MES$O1PKMU`E`!P:C&?V28U+


MUYUC2_





M&28KYTTY?5*2)/
4;UM#V#-EH7^.B+&R-&U_(7BV$].M9;XTTIC-@[/WD5\
M4O!^3C\QCB49EIM73.2YP^7@NYS5E&#A#PXWR0==2K6LT,K=^(6N.DP
U!$







M
$^(FO-G^-`^8

M'`B[UC36@'+MK%T7]M2(&8
5@
O^V&XQT
0CPGD
RRVLE!8X;`DN_]YS8UQ(


HY7H::PA+#%NKW8IQ49
YPJ2/LELK)-1<;BX6B#E
M:N_;6

1=[12Y`3

M$=?W

D'.7N8



M*`RNP_JRX%#8$.2TT@TPC'F3^_A[[E$&6H;RH[/X\
D.C712;+.\HH;^2IYB





M:;A63R-/)SJHRS8'_*[B.G4%G.`TQWQ8+C[[.L82WH]26UC






MNE*&T?S&;
%-^8$%RUT3Z#=I?V`2B#)#\.5WLI_*UL`XL+\88
M\PI=*BB3L`3SOIOI%)*J[[

MQ.4*-$0F[
(O51_4A\


MY;VJQ`09$GN60/A999F5Z8`F
V]B*$$S$?$V4$#!=:FW7B.)3SK$,?@Y,<ZR7'0O+8&\^_I:0'NT;
M='ACY=+OPDMSO'/K,=N]4\UG0V0JFOVA6I!]\&`EE3KEK;XT[HDMM)+J9,\I
M+%&I24`O\&^EOP/V-%LIX
5+OK7=L]%-^I#J*B]9


R.O50HLIQPZ11Q9OE
MLS2W&`^31GW3*N8O#5T,7-36M_='M4/#Y@X7IKTNS1J8\(6C].).!+5A4
M6XHCI=H\[(_TLP=RD37II%`DE!QX-D$MY/@J:6\?)\HE$96(`IT0O#$TDQ'


QH#)#2V
7.GIFN3FG2#WH_^'OGZ)T]JWTV%


M(S


MAZ%J!SM];+


&-;V.<8L(#1Y6E)J0Y99LPG\8+


+N!JB:\Z@
#_?UQ81[?`7N:[


Y-QQ;;)
1
MSX;&9$&#T+0DWL+2%6#FP;8P\FWL9;J4$:\#LIIU552+P3%]95WB3-A4&6E%
M6&!RTN6ALWAC79_NCFT7&<IB\#=*$`$07XPA96@R^
Q-QZ4X*[H1`9TGEJ9









2HQK235(VQRDU'VY
OYS'N`T]











MOE?T'P*D]Z0VDL![2IKM6(9BZE?ADOX]'HT8




MA7
]+FLMJ\XM]PWJ*=24--:R&(FA/U$+?3_:*78_V&LW1HUMY4(7;!#LSFO#


=6!Y[F:N=+:9^CF




5A8Y_:2U#
UU1'_UPX8%5


UNOJ.=*V+10WRPKFXOK%I`FK)9OG#.S++2T$:B4VRXEK(




8
1:X+41W*+4O'*P+
.Y;'U

MZ7XMB%7.V$+D((KR+4E#AHM30K=%(T



7C\?O'C]ZKM[+_9_W*/`
M]N!@[[!16KN/HRL


Q^\GGF2IAU.)1<$62HGE









MIORDT&!8K
X_D@4-Q@`W\)V'2G.4KV,&SIPIZ





MO'2B15
J!'-O=G[/0S&5


T%
KGT&%PJHE_(7-
MAM0.3@JI#V$DQV3QP73G:+K@`UFRUY]ALU=?99$%RJ1_P(;+_&WO'WJ-02`


S'K:







M`$+CE)]2VB(BE

87(\M!3B7;6
(E:C7DOBC,J]D
M=1@[P3=Z#Z*C




'GYP6(HINM;%4YA!2
F

0EC
M






?US@;&E==
G












%(8/'(RAE-PBL6T($7R
Q$/EH:*^M



MHMZ_C%.NW%_;N%GI+Z!XVP/]4R[




M?J
WW_MB<
MHWNML^`YKKFOFX3@%[RO:G\;^N6WN$4*);MN'7O2^]DGB56+-U1B`9[A`TN.
MQEV

M.%E$*8'OS
)R^\DK\T'VU9\
L7CYLQ/WJO8=\
MI!)8S',69PXDT]TRT?D%E9Q%/X

A7Y)NT.@$YC


]Y::
:Z(W:])-#%;6R=D'
B<KIVAFN#F9I5(O<D
ML5N4RJ)&U:$3;UF-_H0$?LH4C&5_<Z&`J-U.E9S+.MDU;+#R-1M66S$XU,-






MAI(_WJMM(^[`I&CQLI%/.)6:!HR/K%*;HPCI$S3
1REHL\G6+^M&4E*=Q+76

)IL+PD)M?OOM1)0ZZ=SMN
?LN00N/=:Z@]S*!AJ

F





MX






M3]&HNW2V(&*HGR?*-CGTWK?U[=?M`6X'C8+#3T)0@F!5':LE@[%N^:/PUJ





[BA]`&B$YID'[Q9^F4F

[SV06[/TF




*`DJ+6`$(Z_'MTF;3J415HWNB*9Z
7HN2H*ORQ)8P

_




G@((N<Q/B#?NKD*.!F@WFAA&5FA.<%WMY;E)DR)Q.'=CGT?$H

1%]P$VZ%HQI%.2`C[I4R

68X]Y
1
KG7JF-#51YG[;GX*([DZD=[


KI%.D/D0JQD@79/![RZXE&2S
MLKF..SLQ!+GG@9Y0[`D;%VQW/^`C.AZBD!&0?8$3GPQ.$%L7=9UKV*[J=#YE




C0
M
B9R61P(C9@L*8WM^79`MU:X&0^%$$\7V

[(.I2

M0

M$!'W.A0$$8YFTZ7-I

8MR-F1LM
M/F(E%*QO%Y8Y"N*YT2G30%16I734)A[_2DM`@YL0*V*AA!XA



MMYQTUQ/HM`.U4+]+SUE&2^E*%E+

MDLT1MNF!VIMKRNPY*I*1#FWG33+42I&D+

MC`'E`-&)^N1*2LL#


-

M
:'VR9#`:TQ\NF&CU[GH=BYQ(8H1L0H:Q/
^483ACT\IC(=UO:)!WXD]6%

MHO=/SBQU8I@LSAPNV\H*Z)=*3']

MG?5=
ZEC/B^;KR[&67K`KM



[P:YM=1SIR)4A_-)V1J9PVW)=/H^LR8YI;^,V?$P`:J
M,9H!LA]3L$N/DP<S\8W1<X=S@^CWZ@&=UJ69A
4IE;-NP)7+/^X)8=9-`1;


Y$D%=G1
DWU#I/9G]6D

M'5G^AYU

M6).L?_;ISI71C;6MNR4[11MZ*J
I
!
]KEVXSC?1KA0A[J&JIA%;ULIY24IK





=DXF&':J+
MIO#%*HJ)4UE;0M^+-5G:^M*$DG

HT



MEV&A#\`Z8





MW


7

M


M!*^QLX?J=7%/

0_


9?A=WNCP1


M+
PNZ&E$&FSNC1U5O!!%IVH

MWRA8DA.R=!I8U#9FM9R!31ZKI3F'(K4*F*GQ5HA%$ZS%KZDN(4PJ#\HCW.



YJ4)JV!+ORK]HC6-(I+*S6\Y
Z-[R


G43Q.!N_`$N7
78
M6T3@

M&4\DM56IL/J
E%7RM?
AG+OK:3KET`$XZ!8QAUC98
CI[LM?M%CW3\:C#'R*
M/H\GRMCDEM)]+\43N


M












NT3FWJ

$:\XY/1&*&G(^A?*:4_UPC

M$Q)^[UA#T_
KT<&KM45

M8B]-SHF?




M)3.5O;QG0`

T7

/F;M%5VF^4A:P0
MM,=Y*U%N&8W<PR3?:E$[!6YB[_;-LLF[-\!;(E%+X5Y7TL`WT2@WXJ=MB7'
M&/Y!K*
LXX@YF!DU_'!!@

N3!%;(8?T'0@







Q65-%;T14!\_2TU
MF_
M:!#XV9@Y\LY;O49-S]4/'6






M_O@*'WJP)(K=00L+X)F76-HHAOC\B/T82J4G-EL=]:N'3#`YJ\1)Z$.MOQ
M+47-TJOKP18USAU_S99K(TI0/Y(H:&NEX`W\4




ID%Q=8*S

1#MXN-[L$8[
7424+0F0^+R'0CM6:L







M=D5[HW06X::=K5S?HHY^H.KL
X-\SO#0'Q%.IBW1@!P!Y2;8G_7F9ZNNQV]#
M







[BF71+3'5PJ('5!







VG3ZQ!%`R
M(YY`^W/H



*?.HYMXVUN[2GKWYZ]





U;'_
0%?A
MEE4$MM








T$BBS+E<()D9A*E?(Z9ZWV^!<%3SYSXQ
M%!QS(J42KT(1

*@3Q8((ZXI

MOR2/O$Q

0GU

M=)W[%24



M[O'PE)I.V\$H_)T
HE

M'4/=4N.21G.3/



MQI=FM$'/M!\
.

M`



3NJ[ZI-
-
:3



M9P5]SEO]:WE;.D;6][O1_=T%4E1)XN=@(_\9]'\OZX?=([R5J((X-\W4FJ.8
MO55
$3-9B&@]PN$##@JKA#XA0H
[T]XZ8_BY[`69[(2V_9G0/F`G8([;=)+`

M;@%UGSKL=W]VZ
Y[D)8@DI3*X0@
[ZW2^L^/:T`L'G?85L!+$RDOL^-`EP

MB'V[0*R)



^PH]G1*\J$X;&1G(%1F[5O/-+[CKS
B

&N8`V
MQ+'DP,S##9.IOCZ:7$'=Q@%M_&HQ1R,*]Q]8NT1Q8P`E`F.FNXW*H5142N



M//`9RT7G
;0%2V-4.C#:!OX2V+OG







M_A:1/G8FPL!KA`Y4B[?R-]2V]MRB[5/BAJ=B?T0D:#0UI:&#90\WD;EKU]W$
M
N21)9X&L?RH&7-!Q3K?`=1-)+
MCD9882]P1*&=GN^Q#UJ!()$GYIJAO0N8-;B
4$7%X_J

M?#5D4.EY?GP$744M?:?4?*0YNUJ='S!MFE7.AF0(8L)IWKQ[CWJ/'S\*6FG]
W$KH5$W?I'2Q;L:PA`<.J(WNEIX;V^]=UZ-JN.8;%K!HT8P^




5-5)4A$N5KFX(N)X
M?A


MNT!H).:\!/@#PD2?+XAC^%+DNSO*&



MZ)?9?UQ

ME]B93
4/=Q0MMT&#[LNV)
E05=
HHMGD:1P</-0
H!\P_:!K`J@;

M3*VUI_7-+D[6

I'L6ME


1LT3R



T;%2=PHK]Q[L-PU2HV8T5P]8;TC.LE!31PN/H=PRH3H.Y
MC)\=J`0XJV?;^T_

M6!_.`P#
B(Y7G*_771?YWZ3_QP5/K01'JZA=/+N)J_.M




MXD?O4!\?:__#7B%2[;Q8J)#]]ZIGP$9_=R
^^44&3-


!HLT(DSX8)#:+L*DTL@L\I4
M*:CP'E(9SV/:HZ:U`T;
?M4!1OZY%MD3(

(+]$7HTUP;RM#-T8'G5[T7:8=VM^=BE+-)3L,#SKH.J8F&NF4FEHZ&

#$7R=H,2;Q.9X7B\#3_@
M#*K%]G1_C*?44*VX<VK00I%&=?--G6*,WQ)YMLW\<8X054#)AVX-^(#-TP8
]S4\8Z7EYN/4O*N%S#<B8VGWBK*8WG
M+@!AU`Q89+)6
T26\_NC@:3T\_-%?:*[FCF


*L$XY-+DYQPJS1.%
[7]0XPCU3Z5
=+-Q
(N0)H&'T`KP`
\

6$CVQ@I^VLS[/S

XH9AWR:]_/

MJCM[

M6UZ5N0!VETWEA!M

M3=L


M1=4
O


;E=-T=K@\T+
M


#!T41^ZKX8NM#7_61K2QAC
DRZL!M3))82IU80N2?F]'

?HR(@=0U)\V`[E
;XPU1@O3&S;!FW6
M8QI=AON-\XCYOM*LMF(W6+4A]P7?O@Q.A!H=AM1:-PY#`+%TTM=REH(V6-2A





VGONY;G\^7%L1PM+NBZ%'1



TI_P24$(@$\YV_K\/P\KP9BJK:


MR$9/\%)DP3:7
R6VNFY26^BF?L+5BV1F$&AFE[D3RHE_';YDZ7%-QAR$J9QZ

M6[%6'URP1#!)?/L/^9E!-B$D;A4?$13'JGF1TTC]BM`T/AN&F[X='TL_7A#






MTT/TA%YXUGX_

TE3MYB+DB:\W)+(I:O9
M-^W!?6O'V+P=SM)-@K?'(@M5
?&$:
O?BB*'@J[I&826SS^C!EMK`^@OT:85



E`ZV'C'0K+YHNE+Y)K!?V
M
$)+Q3@DA]
G5//H3+K-T$\.[%[\4499*EH016DI0!&C\6=MSIJB(6.4P
ST
J*$$9I&;F]0^0:NUKC7=QAJ(Z(.Z]I/^1QKXA(DDZ$6L1\S
Q&Q^]?35SD44VE*JV<G@F-9?Y\1(Y36TQ_VK15IG
MQ.]F$.T=-=6LLJ\WI]7NZ.-P
K::+K3@-Q.B'XANM.MM&N#1TGIE]\TV%9^*



22;V[HK&-P(FLJ2V)LJ&R)44

MQ!^$P



CN6I!Q\RL+1F

MNS@*R)NZ0+;:C`/`VC#=[FU?`N`94U3W-@RJ\:QY83358%74I1)[V+I4

M4J(


MQ1QI$7'9CCB3TV@


H7.G.A&5^
M@SMN/$0E






$5%
/+3X%`.@*TJ]&(I]U([$^HG;<A^__N._'*$`

*!3#`FF\'Y(Y&P,VH@=.8A!;\]`-@09D+]'
MW.()_6A&1;=8F:Q?[:4]/SI8^2VC#*_)=E`D$FH<I$1X4UVU3K8+C5G/(<A
M8U.WV4_Q;L%=RI73H;Q^VI`V4C(*A@^)IE_@JJ.(0']'K$8?-?:X:3_DM$4
M!+Y5FGR^$&4B)-6E0/])*F,-TYF*
AT



M3JC+D)2]\\M?M$193&11*Y+C\=8^3)XE3[;?UPW@X.!R+A3M;%5VXX@'0*/1

M?1\IW2YHJ0,[!8PE6!S=)[]4NS)-2]!36XS_Y










+F0K
M8(\H;*?$[?U9-B03FCTIF3O\5&2+R8BD
B).(32$QI*



T=N8(-NXS#5XX#$`3UHI%G-F:&
M8ZY[_%
3R:!PO7S])ROD8E$`VZ(5`:`]NOPT5C&4@V$C!O

M=8%N0#FP/\=^3_-

MQ830N=7T-


M0NB(M3)6U(RL]C4X(YA4L!KI`Q%K1:H1MK)=VIXA:8AJ/



9D)8Z5D(#-D\N

1+OW#3&R
?*
&Q


MF/D1XB%AE%+FZT^-]Q`]Y676J[&=85E9Q?GS;+#7U6S&_&GC.%11*'HH%!3Q

_0`


MB+ZR'65`3VR(2@36SLN?PF)1J#3A[UT0R[D
\PS7JGSLUM


M3''G364_$-9.[0'U\





M70T:!]LVT96P
]W*`Z`

3%\7'
;8'QS=`6
.+9.E/SP(]0DE^\M'/F'5V;
MSYT1^9MXE?+D[31:2E-P`A&L?G[V5X=FG*2$R6%@/VKV7#NK#+W80N*X!
MT:^A(K

[.K/H0LGS]73SU4_/?/5!D:WM.
E
M#T6/[49-W]/MTO).2KKD`5%OE


M-0-

))[/Y


'[3&K!

MG3B1#(BERFQ@*RDTS#9EY]BXS&6@D6JS8KV!UC!NF[

93`/[



MP][X77$\//M0#$Z/ST8G4OTC`A8NOEMQ!F*90W:G/;[%([*O?UMFRWU@+7^D



:



[9UXC4D9



MC1)UJPX9?WU7]
+IS-\/


M3%`**]2=+4
MK
(8HG?20C$/QQRW4-'#



M?7&D+)%.M/[X-UQO

M9H+3B_Y._HKL#3G^LJH3M@3)`XNJT83(FGCXT7`Q:FKE2W]]P`.MSIIZ?MA_





MEM)E&*\6DFA/--S1BY'I





(S]&D])I\6









6

:JSWJ0C
$=@&.*-Y5.L3:.+BNO




2D#Q9C?6UI)+=&0V0UH`X2YB:&:*6]OM
M=!0Q)8RJG:`1F(1-Z.



`03.9M





M^+
CZ=*K=(GW#[#A$3^`%_@@`ZAV1'DAI.(9D/?P_^<<`5@7T
M65`WE;6[%__CS'SV3R&\]4#4R6F8#'A/$6D\R=]KIU!PC^WA-C$E^4@WL_


M9N8&H-&(4AJ\A



;1I!-K/DNXORS0G)



\4-97%

HR_.JDB#CJ
/]6_:-N&7?17FMEFYKJSJ+*?V'3+*!5

MNUB=SZW=YW4NWJWOKLAQQDPO;P1E/RIV9Y,K!'=7I;E*LPVEI\OQQ!+0*M
M#6;Y-GB)):3PZ_21X*EM:V4




W.A
XV8K?\U))@V[7^0@L@!`)#WL?:AZI9C'TC?*:Q


!DR'4.8N3.\S%D57EV*,-K'-YN\Z


T%V



T0^G`DS


M&NA3


M3-H






/'U(_&!#)Q;.;4)XZ8MY72Z!XU3/0JQ9G8EK<1]?=3D'VY0VR_'1XU
M\RG3ML&EWDX5\I
YS
5XLQ]




MP@-*-PI+O
M=I_4:ER(9VMQR81M!`!JU\P^047\-VYJ&;FBJ&DUOYGE1M=DY
M8


OTM,)KJ6O4W_;N@NQZ$1S;ZDZK-WW\97KO


M)@A
-_C6



';(V6+!'YLI/5XNG_&\8L.W-


OM#PD-_D424]P@N0B&F:.$*W;8I
M[^D]A;NOT/&

MR4HN;


`!8KTN01*;O48\[`[X)OL%/6DTKV?!9#Z'!53^'8.)--.OTF
J!#*!
//C0:K

2]5)
@7C[%97:

MBK(\JK-Q
P)UG;


M#\S:0W64$
#


12
P3DH/31KCC$VV/.N$2&+`-<J


TJLCNH%B!E0_`)O`M

M3=E7Z#M%3:MX_NP55]E[!@['-R@AZ!\

A
(P

YK*F*
M$&74H3I`J8;S]^&J+5X#HHBZ]F546%;(V41
D/A?D]3A$=W+/^T6N+%@%CPC


MZT/5Q==T;^/&$.W&O:I2$J3'!'N`^KW=IO@_943GM$M8`-AU(Q0%@V0&#9



PBY#ISP0?YQ?V:`KBP4+0

)@?@+
R

6@0QMJ;5\5IT%9G,(
M:SNYP4,D7=Q*O;4?XNQ9?



Y
[&45.709,%660=;.$R6:25)^,!P`/)0





`#JAP%3B


MR[W*L!.0T0J9HCK)6S`:$;:&M1J3V*H@^Q&,C+IT&9@7V0=5QUJ3XTER
M

DW/1Q
V;7RM)LL7T/M
M0+!5BD40XLA-;1TH667/1L01P'RC#D]NSN@MN07(740!9)8U9X'6R'3!
OP^
30WQ^7K1,<^$/)&J7.GY]7#;<!#W


MT*BZ5

M+BK7CMOBNF
[W#SR?+3=X%Q8O&[&(R&:I;79G%Q4F*Y6LT^+AZ_-6Y5T=HH]

ML!`]CYA0'?WAA


`



MMZ;
]#WNDMKK'7L(!Z;0Z5J0Q13V=J)VP[#/@*%@V*5&IP#BDI#(\B1-W7






#A23%P$R`N5S-LS:-[1%2T\R.EV

N0RPDKO7&AL
TG?C3B1+/4%@0W`W?@=`8YZKO[-!\B$Q4&Q^B


_WWM)8_;=;&70


M8M.+86

P:A/H#_5`


]_VE4




MP^%;Q6.GR;NBL]/D7;':EZ:Q'7&I@[:*P193=L5;BRF[8LNKPUM




7U9JMTQ7PE+*\CMBMC

VQ]^FD]:B;M-).V#M
M%-Z.1V68P_T^&

-5B*A-3A+OYZ


M8*S=3)8M



M2YUGJ\5/Y]EJ

J)P&4[3
M!MTE_DPRI5^2C7XHD;-I=W;:/5;.B%3Y*7)





-
M^[H@KLFI8

5DLFKNY9!*;.:127(4@\





M!4LTRY1P;STK.&J'

F/UN`QJNQW5AB?LAFWS)/Q)MWH.

MB/46Y^10JWD=&817KMOH;W!8#C+
_2V.RI]_BP?E3]OJF!(:V5M4O/DBM4-1
M4


1QY:K=6\G
B!
MLA1S/R@#T7W

I.(][C9E+4:AAFQR!9[
M.G(EM4-`_-




4E$39S)&B*U&)G:+?O;.D2

M2&HT)\GF[-LW
V]G=BGI\H]/@=_[P=WMO7![U1^]'O9[[G85KKWM_57_;Q\7





M


0KUY?[GWH_.#Y$PD@@685^
K)Z3\WW)G,A8,_583?@C8\6SJ)Z7L;&*
M<5'@L,E8F:_0.+O[Y55_L0Y&`V'@E;LL)8&F]\.8;S.!CN;=3:SR6*R.#<Z
M

SK-#R:;W5&&N\H`D7!F6?0@=2OR^WPA?KJ(



M8L]?%\L4)BD8C/:
4F;/=2E)#33VK38/)0@:Q

M:OL
*O[W?.\V@<


IB*
M&283R[F9V
`

%-CHMYRI8,FK($EK\9EBT&OGEOW*D)@R:L(@26OQNV
M0:_`8+E7$4(+'D5(;#D56/%YU&!Y]:]BA!8\BIT+57T[;J]NYN$6];%BLS



KD.#W`C


Q8_\9Y!


MP3
Z&N+@:3+^5#(^\


MBFQ#`#A6(!'CRMOR.
P=(*C*/!TA*
(9`UN

MK!@=TH`@V%)(%`UC6Q*)
=C2R-P58UL2B2#84DCL5L2B3'8TDCDEL2B2``

;Y
;D:P:K-TZL%3$H(8`U%%4?/]01L#/9/0Y;Q+IAQS0<I;CA8!8)?CPB

890%\WD

MYF+_+)60-GR

MG29H=/U89W!IG6FL:



6ELK$N/GL;N`ML5K=

M#VOP9[05$=.I2AV*CQV/M81'&GNJSE
3'-8A@\6^@DG--JFT]Y#$(R!8QKNC
MQ[?74


2:K0%!IBIEK2NVJIQE


M[]+I95=$7:;+YR:]J%2A?SEB$90A
:HT49JD9I3B@0T930+$ZSY$V^P*PR



M[3]R



M(3'V;@TS:`JU@*9.&T%3R((NP(@0*G^G@`(.3;\V)01'.8(+#]M6W&Q_@W'J

T2V&9!B#[




)A


M?'
PB@-XF!=LW:U$`D'MY7L!5S3^LNTLZ.J]UXWP!$_:5$$&



M;++74&W2:@$L-A^J@)-^%(2Q:JGH[SH9BO&U(6X82[:^-EFVBCL

&.[PMK(4W;]!L-X6U3D1:S!UU8])JQ55_^9O`QFK:)Y$@5
0@*S]T


-Q)[8%




MK3IFX.H$#8T_T736
0-7)V:HJ(KZB6/FW?;QD'F(:JE8NCDFOO*VG]PUC1RJ

M]1`A&L55R(CH[CA&/GJ1GP


?GG5SQ__Q5U[APZ?A7

XG[%C'ZYIBK(8



OG#




--6Z`







M9`QR!@6#DD'%H&;0


M


B




F26&R7ZLT\)F(O
MJ1^!(:S];\0I=^




MN09O
L0%ASV?U&
H\'U.EL16N9![RZHE_%JKY(KN[K3/3LUZ)JSG-;3[CY$*
W+,0&E1,4JG)A.1"B&ED$I(+:01T@KIA/1!B&C
MD



MFDDJ-9F07$@AI!12:F%-$):(9V07L@@9!25RJV$S`6V24T([)





[=[H2D@MI`G$]7J4I\YMU)[L



ED2688W
M/V]:-O/XBB[KI[7&C`HAJ9!
2ZD$%(*J8340AHAK9!.2]D$#(*F0)QUY;S


MAZ=2DPG)A112B&5D%I((Z05T@GIA0Q1B&3);'8ST3MO49M64NM-:?E[?+3

S7ZF
MKH340II`ED[IGF4;-\?/%[O0Z/?8!^)Z._%U;XB:]3LA8VCW'4Z6Q!X]$\KW
M&LKULN\#^'+





MA`UQP?G$!6






==0



KD)2
M(9F07$@AI!12:F%-$):(9V07L@@9!0R61*)?*)@S2NGN?WNUU[7*B.VD%1(
M)B074@@IA51:B&-D%9()Z07
@@9A4R6Q&)3;/:3S4GCLMY16HNLQI*7I283

MDM@;EW=OK&I/2PZV%X(;=YC6*FO.LMU&4JG)A.1B&ED$I(+:0)Q`G[*
*V



[LJ=1D

0B9+8I'O9.O3DHGO


M:B%-(+
Y\C)R&]J]5)V0/A#7!X()/=89XG;Y&8TQM/M]3)9$=ISOY.FY/7X8
WX</40%

2N*/%9WL.ZOT^+\-U5ZV3D@?R-+C@XX4EF`

M%S((&85



TC.33$@N

B&Y
S!,]'W4:.O
M+H;6(FN9%^IR83D0HI`W+QZQ$_7QU\^*$.[G[PJ(;601D@;B-O/;O_`SY.[




M64=(*B03D@LI`IG78/*GQ



@J9
M+(G%?R:#7S2#2U)8:Y:_M(^W&G;1&]'T(ODU5/M#285D0O)`G$`[^YNJ\Q^P
M*.ZTEZ'=[[424@MIA+2!N




MX(?%TAG9EFQ^J)-_:NB5%&F*%=4;,BI]2A?MB^W`J]/I:A6UAJ-^1V=K@1


M6I#IFV9Q.':O!)YQQ_,$3QC!,\8P;,%F4]$1]O=**$/#1.Y8YC("8R@HD&
MD8DN.)LXO@VK)5';60[+5[KJ/N&GI6:OHX'%`.+$6QC!-L8P29&L(41;&$$


M@B6
8(E'3J6C_+@?+/$%7B58P@B6

MX(S?QB
XPPC.
((S'LT[HWLYL


0()C&28S@#/8P0AV
((=

8`$C6
`(%G@T3TCR

((CC.`(
M(SCBD5.)[O/##]_J)8(?C.`'(_C!'YXY/:$/S%`7ZJ'[[`[PQ^
((?C.`'


$5CYQ6\H8D
M?/'M7BKXP@B^
((OC.+1VY?;XX'7IO`&%_A]P9C&,$81C&$8PQB(QQN=$8
M$Z[7R1(HK2&ZY%V+HF%B@JB?N!C!$$8PA!$

((
MCC(Q[-(P5?V'GI3_O!'E_N]P-[&



Q\Z9U2_ZTUF$E3(OS
M)RP3L/T/KZ.QQ0AV
8)=C&`7(QC$)8P@B6,8`DC6,((EC"8P@.R/(S@BR
M
X+L!I'L+DH:V?5*LV1-S(CA2I/@-T7C$QCRFTCJKS6
(#\CR



8P1!&
(01
M##$H-F1'P3V


(#\CR
\(\C._(P@/R/(SPCR,X+\C`_(\C/
M/(S@OR,(+]!)+_+B#?/^B4\8L.P8)*_98$5U.S-IO!5$43G*HC.*(S@NB
M(#HCB



X`XCN

(=C'8Q@!R/8P0AV

*08`3Y

X+\C`_
M(\C//(S@OR
(#\CR

]-4VO9
MIC7D-Z%R]A+R,X+\C`_(\C//(S@OR,(#\CR,\(\C._(P@/R/(SPCR
X+\

(#LCR
X(LC.[(P@.R/(S@BR+VB9
MIG8[ONW-Q&/;KW$NX!EC");;3PP6WI_`-CO/I+VH_/B`[[OMS5])IS`&
M*WF'L-(@LM)E0AY)T43FMC2_WA@Z=DOY1%EC*I8Q@*2-8R@B6,H*EC&`I
M(UC*)8R@FV
8!LCV

X+\C`_(\C//(S@OR
(#\CR
\(\AM$\KML
M:.3?9%](X;-)OOCHTYD)EMZV1E!=D:0G1%D9P39&4%V1I=$61G!-D7M$YD

8P1Q&
M





F05!=JZ[(P@

((EC&#)@M:IZ'RY)-'O`L7K

MMC&;8Q@&R-8PPC6,((UC&`-(UC#/(S@OR
(#\CR
\(\AM$\KL\R/)'ZHE
M,&*X;:/FQFL*!Y,K_:AAA%'#/(S@OR
(#\CR

8`8CR

MBD9%4X1(?A?\S-D?KAG')1'&9[U.26M9)+O)DO-`@.R
(#LCR
X(LB]HG9(N
M+ST9@1LX*U@`R/8P`@V,((-UJFI'-RIA0+4W@;F
((IC*8Q@BD%DE2W
MIDCH.[HR=QT

8P1Q&

QC!#$8P@Q'
8`3Y


(#\CR
\(\C._`:1_[UO2C_$@LQ

(#\CR
\(\C._(P@/R/(SPCR,X+\C`_(\C//(S
M@OR,(+]!)+_+=$;^;4Y:PEY\UM]8)IE,Z&5G!-D9079&D)T19/=H_@[`3GZ(
M$B[XC
G

((G!I$G+M(93W1&
M6C)?[

X+\
MC`_(\C//(S@OR
(#\CR


OGZ9

MP3M&\(X1O&
$[QC!.T;PCA&L8@2K&


(#LCR


$UQC!*$8PBA&

M]/(S@OR
(#\CR


MSPCR
X+\C`_(\C//(S@OP&D?PN$QKYM[EI8O167]K;C*9TLO.+(S@NR
M(#LCR


KK
4W
!9?4+_YV^IV0ML_.4H%2K
D6YHD)1J:A25MJ
M%+6*.D6]HD'1J&B*$,GODJ`9*K_$A7OS5-GDRC7`2
(\G


8/7/`5?GT#%QC!A?]/

MO/BXI@2J$]_
DJ




MJA/A*

$*_$?J-T&^$
M?B/T)S36/W]HJNX7//QCO.VR?)7:H



MX#PG:6YTS


MOQM53T01Q2\BBA%1C(AB1)2$:I23^YNNVUPN-\OSY[^Z]75WT=W=W1]]7_W]

$%``&``@````A`+R[5KN1!@``@QP``!H`


M5&NKC#.#.+FL8OB
_`X%

997073)*J[


M8RLQZL\)(8$)



`QP#`@'`/+D
M

D^
M/






/XB%&

RRG90G






M.S

M4((-`9-2#OC]AEII@X0-M49+
S

CN2;
M_H1.9TT?(O6U

*Y/(
:SW&6TPUY

M965T

M(^R9S/[['MN$V

E)[6H:^
T28JX(TT?:@_K\2

MV@OM9*0M$1`_OS8#OWOKZH^XZ\CX_#)\JEDW@(MCTS;BAW(:!EV]_G;IV4B.

M0%48[S:J0'\W]


MOHE?H;;U9+1?&J4KV^3@


\/@)!-5);J(+\[/+GC_;KD5%.MJ$1


MDI

X-I
(C
^
B?N+O
S-E^S=OP```/__`P!0
M2P


:HC[
M%:5E-?A6#S/W#:D8Y?0B`G`7:J'SF#?A)@1/A]V90`0R[1[#E[W_!6T+E/CA
M8:<2]#?!#V[\]_B-/GYGY/R-M!BR#762%3A1^BRI7\\2@L7A;/63JL`/YIWQ
MI;S7XB=]_(')]2:@W$NYI*(U[`3?7D-D#T#HY:OZ?9SN.W])`N6JRA!\=+W



31ID(96@=/DN4E`J6LN
M!K
K;?6N-&EUI


MZ3
6H[6;DMPD)

M@=)L;_Y&:RLG


MO;=P*B0P^$94WW*.:`MG$KP$#IZC+9Q


A/

?8(TJ_[M$$+_N3


M%S&V';WBLYM`:+6!4JLHMDJD`=F&0C
8@^(Y]7IO0.]D\


MJ&*Y=^9SS_+G5S^V?[F/=8O)@4WS]34*54\UVDJ26N-M!]4X[7QB*72+28`=

=;Z2YKHMJA`9%DDXHM'8I\YZ'




7!ZP=5YOTIO_

84;QW:X18B)64-$O#(CC;O&$9%OZFI;<]Q(KM!I#45PYK=PD'+DN0XH_FI
MP:U0)`S72(!^7I&.CVQ-?@M=@]C3J;O+:=
!Q8'41+SVI*;1Y.MOQY8R=*@A



J/`

MP%P\$KG7-/(3%[3YIT#N0*5(O($D`)E#W+.\.'3#Z&
66RGJ







H<S])@L8QF<;+`:




M
VEM;_J9$7#V.G#V*M#.YA@@HT

;Y&=)E:+X8$F)7(65G


M:&5E='

MV
LS38TDPB)'(&DK^?OM:TU=VK2=AS@^=;I9IZN[3L\PO/_EC^/;[.MPOAS&
MT\
\7V;SV7#:CT^'T\O#_#__UHO-?':Y[DY/N[?Q-#S


Y'D\'W=7\]?SR^KR?AYV


OWN
MNGN\/X\?


PF@X]BLRB@V!UDT]-RWF)*;F4D@VZS*Y#N
M*
^B5%ZQH7FUDE)21I=@3$FX//L$A7V.DI0JIQ^D):6L@$+4FMV+U+HJ-QD4

M71L5Z;*U:3VI\NGF9;7
3
MLBA-JN$;TU-04A&PW:D0]GC\(O^#Y6-+ZIEVNZ670DF$H0!?::
K726'F+

MA'1$P/E$L]S@$[AEB?68O


M





MAAH80I&UX4E1OSDWIVQDHK-V08.WFO(TYVR7G40#1&R#TFM]Z9R
U;*LY-
MW

B[2Y._@[YAXXP2(*

+H


MR5%[%AM)VK11

M5&;Q\::*7=;!U!N
C&D.+R.PIO[?:07B!*(Q@C-[K85ERDK+O@;JL#649O

.7O!3D

MS1=SU%

V^Y+'N68%M&8W:U%V]A.HA/`N*(
MBC!T8X6?$K7Z*@HF;.&[`+<U,7#3BP_.'-T$7.K7<'X9AN+Q`E$`V(%8?

MA`5X


5&7`H9P7PER)YB-#!
W:C`


2\P.9B^#
M.HA/H2OXX&QI8U*BGTXHDC!TK2!H[[\U9_F*X#?%_F8+X4E`'!`1)3@:
M$M@B\X]S3]A^?@4IRQ?M-L:&[SIGJ(








&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#DY+GAM;(R9VXZC
M.!&[U?:=T#<#X13TFEU

.\_99=%7#9AIZ^


MMEV=#_Q._G]M2OS@WRHOOCA:K7VZ[QJ7(QPW_U,C/9XK(KR:UN\U&4S8)N


7X15^L!P#Z.O^V`3!0_^


]5Y&R@E8S79
M


UL$SFLUR'6



M

`#*).7F@^?,Z$<+I-0FHTN,^;'8*<T-&X\H(+$'O;%?N9L
H+L0S'
MT`K'*18U'GI1;QEG)`IG3'W91$NHU&:C1+IF8O4J*=36:

-&/9=BKW`[G)]9KTSS8;6)EE$I
MS88R#

3+?-2FO42




YX;6R475UO'#F2?#_@_H.@]Y6ZJK^J#=N+[2+F;H%;X'X

X

MVS_C1:^OGN[?_?WK\_GE[M





-Z
TW;8[O[$

U#7=O=Q_?OYQ_7-%.I5?_^OV.
M]_WPCJ[
8FZVY.H]#_Z-1V
-P:^$_OYQV&^V[V]_)W_N4]$Q%9&1N6J]L35S



-IMW8[\IBJDAK#.-:T('@3+4%4P6%S4URQS#@V&\PD30VS_7;E
MU8+

-1*DEM?6I=QQ@+A-WG@D

M8;I9VPT\#UI0SK
B/&4_;&_*S:#A-]IL5F\B;-\0AOW6G^A4!;NV0@(B=N5&

9D.P+WHP\[#6HO$E5Z=Q


MS]


ODCX:IKCV/'@F(&'5H-RPQ
MB,/=N]]457;G7$!$<N@D;3@SUH2TVI0^9.JY/RX&Z@Y#ZI`(2-L3BFWO&C)

GQWT0/*:JHL9<(0$1J\]RMJXE(WL.^22=T[S*2!B&&P:V0H.

Q6'/;EL^0\D92E5%C;E`B)6'X[










9&3)&PZ_R^=FXF'/:^^?
M#J2JHL-<(0$1J\QRL$X2F3UOJF!-\PJG@(AET`A6]$8BLW-N)@U6%GLSPL]H
MY.CD\6(/SMAOX5=X+#O./^<0LI-XM.SV_AG!I&JJ\\5$AQ#):S=9+4[#E4
M96N:APY!C670R%;40#+2:E?'DW22P[IN&H4)D5XQH)#G($+#DE$6G9[=U]R


LM\M
M-XX_EVNHCJ2CY;;W3PD.FJ&Z]EPA`1'+H)&LR$`RL^=/E:P'CP1$#`/JN*A%

`[:+)4X5

=+(K1K%22MN
AH@&0H]'(8V.5


!G(:T0)^QQ@:


%+(3'#F.




M?)U1.F%5ZQQ9I'$

KHFO
E&6OI'JKG'%5O


%!0
Y&O3JEW9

=O:3R`+WQ.Q_8:Z?F

M?=ND^V$&::

/







CFU]W4-
M@[15PSQ$-`R-&(/GU,##4L]?D:-1ACF5D![5!*C/%J$R9=X
AQ7!9R^3-8

MZ4AB#*:F0$-R&JHG&U7O(%FF*0RL`'(T.7:$B`TJM:?+*!/8(J#D1OA
@R


YTN
'/;6P3

+I&F.SH,'ITO&';EI
M\$\UM,QHI%D,C`!R&BWG\9@:`CNG2\L,#0A?4)3Y6@T\MA8)1':.5UC[AMD



P





+_P!A

6QUT83&/Y


MVC5
T[9]MG04A%'(3G#D;%*7
]5(Z&GTOY$QYHY`77:N(=)&
YFJ[/*Q?6_!

(NP3115$?[_W8@K']CU'`RU*[7T]BW(7(L^N%^6][^B27]A&.(X




Z
MW=NWKKMO7;?-;[3*6H?=:0V6VNJK(/'YNJV]X9F9[&H*EW?\U9NE16U+3UL





L*A


M/#_4/48F)5CHE.

16?$

M1I*T$%N+M\`1`S$&$@RDJ%!=MA)BR.PHY7PPH#I#V2)4L#,082#0*H`6

'!0ZF-IGS0F&$@50%
`.WE&



Z-14$CO9W*B/
AHY`
M_Z6H9RE#0VD
1`4A71H^1#9NJ?8980.7L^.

)]@MA+
MO8(I
D^;21?*I\P[0N400D)QTQ/)4H4.B.QR%'IL+$A&9'9;I
@\[7U=#)]-
MDYBQI^3(0B(F'WVUE





M4/=+
J7LR.T/%_12
*V


OH%7Q=O)X(#+







MQO2;
-2T88+H0/:L`T\EE2`&CJH.=:\8*5V0:

DBE:A(+S#GF&C/L(AJXI3

UCW4E%

MVP$Y=4_LKL4;8+8E+%/H)+7.6^MU&#!KL#[OXO5BL0V?H2MT`-T-(&C?B#J#





`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0``]U.7G@
`

2YX;6R45MN.FS`0?:_4






=&Q;3``J^7'3M[


^2G[$&;
2A!-B0?
3JY%([TV@M'L]2=7(/FNJX%%D_)TRY!E^5%O;H:SU9




M

M1+(+9
[W
@8M+$\D0E


K



R7$[9I.HB$



M

:1](=C?W+)7):/-::GJ2;-:@5/.1&2-399Y$
FM@X']L:


M;YLP%'Z?M/^`_%XN@9*+0JHF5;=)FS1-NSP[8()5P
AVFO;?[]@&BLW4=GD(

M/1.!;G8?/VPOC#^(BA#I`4
K





IY^7C6QJ



MV19OT^J4%JRB6_L;Y?;'W6\?-G?6//





MTUO1_L7N7VA^N;90[E`


P[+_#LO2Q^W4O0




MB#`08R#1`$


&M?%!V9ZDS7=0
T7*.@868R#1`$

M
S:7Z@#=.D


082
M#3!$B3


UQHA=C)-*
0UFB&;7O6%HL

*)




_B[V_/V



9$$F(#(F
MB(R)3(A

VAI;W?M.[*$GM
M8B)](@,B9$AD1&1

IHQFC%)&



1H

4D'6UUR0];40

V

M-32N6QBMZ0'/HXAHB.N-X\=M'HBUVCP


&:




.


CSL:Y
P9SXO$4'ENEZ-2


MI.
*YLSF:WXZKE`J==W=`A63^;#NI9=[5B[3AIB]]!D-K*&9K%8K#?]12:R&


AGU&`S9

1HS(831E
VG#%*V7#.:
&&2T8K-EPSVCB&;@1-*DSKK?
4F=M;Y\P9
MUCE)%U)RK5N@8EP/FO[0U;

M$:

UHXQBZ$?Q-ABY4
G0%PUVWZ9VJ_X;=
ML5K2@+J

QHPFC*:


XHA3F4-SOK6+5+TV748Q0SZC
:
$H8#1F-

EHQ6C-:

M-BJLZE=Q(4K)7VO1U_PS#KZC6H2#8EQ53%XC







MP$`--`GV:\&;5C=LVXK

-69#;T
ML`2;

ENM


^F@3[

^*C2;#S&?'1)#C`@/AH]P#G&!`?38+C#(B/





M7&
;G)6
NJH$YR/1VC0;'(M$:]



MX^%PEG^8`BX?O_SR/P$```#__P





M$[3WW

M)?\B5&]/!J
JH]!R[^PN5)EF:!UG-(^.<S7Z*/Y9]41PYJFV0LE213BKJPDW
MW072`](',@`R!#(
@8R`3(%
@
R![(`L@2R`K(&L@&R!;(#LL^3
H4XC3.%
M]H_BS.7C.

@(R!C(!
@4R`S('
@R!+
M(L@:R`;(%L@.R#[/%%B2F4:8EJMI$N5-]-&K*[4FKH
VXD0JSS$6S%?AQU$

T1S1`M$

T1+1`M$:T0K1%M$&T1[1#M%:3$CQY=3?'C6(M?@JI6%CX@

MP(8&-C*PL8%-#&QJ8#
#FQO8PL6!K8RL+6!;0QL:V`[`]NK3,T#?B/R11[(
M2Y-\'B2,WW+FTZA)GR'WZ#31D
7O3*678$85;A
LZ5=I?2D8GZKH333]IJ^

B^F$M'*^/^YF$DIS8N6.M?S


MYH6Z!
A8?@FD]8]S?:M
V`
]B&41HVJLQJ+#?_XAU6IV[ND*Q)K*DF$5J'^B








M^_A_*/S'#^\^?_KRZ6]?+Q#N=?Z@W.?)Z\EK1/KYQU\_H`=)]A\^O__;3Z_^

M_2.9#K\F!.?7Y-T=4[#__




^%
=1M_6

;J^/)?&

R)](161#IB0Q$ED16





UHPVC+:
=HS^C`Z('1&T:/



M!CLTV$.#O6FPQP9[:K!GSWRFT^E#/$L:WUQ@#Y6/1GE+E`Y2XR06%F9Q.&*:




=H
MS^C@D


Y3HJ5_'.Z(I19




2?=R/9X8L:GZF



5/O5:S&GJCZ-2GWJK!RY]Z

MF+F0S1EUC!:

UHPVC+:
=HSVC`Z
'1F\8/3)Z8O3LD$LV'CQW
MR=;R_

_OW.5MUC!:

UHPVC+:
=HSVC
M`Z
'1F\8/3)Z8O3LD
_WB6+XJE$




MHPVC+:


MTU2IMXQVC/:
#@YY]4--K(7H=:
2%N94SF9.9:V73]\+U^!&JJXPJ[M$Q[`N





R'.;BCR




EHQ6C-:
-HRVC':

MY))]$PY'M

8-U#;9HL+[!A@9;-MBJ

QR=)


MM&#4

M3V=




JN!F%D-
DKW[
MX&$UJL7.L]^82R]QW
M[1@M&/6

M6PV
E@[Y'MLJ`QM-7?#Q'7NJ




/T$SO
G.]
MS\C
YKE8&=2QXX)1+PB]U;X

W!#/

ME\GVN9T^[A[S*%!FIWUF3A
UJ[7QO(2KK!.&WRC3S[\09*+U:E7;'!@M%1UC




M-/`HR2R=M-A!$N\WB*L9RS-!J#FU+W-&':

P;CW5K@Z)F:(X
M)
(N9F[LM#^=

M*B4-2%IEMI.\R1-7-SC%\]YZXI?UPJG`7%N%G7:S4W9JI!PKQP4WV@M*&YNB




&ZQIL45C1M2^HAAL:;.F93WG:

MNYPVM*TNYXVN[[(P=%D_^/0^

*SIK^-R
M.50#C;QT89P:DQ-;Z2
/:@B#&AIX*LCV7)`Y(YLSZMAQP:AGQX'1TCGZWJ7-
M86
HIXM2S+6P6$&'J\-4S.SH%H2AG#*(]XNZT&*ES'81:








+XMAP09P3N\C196


MG[$

MQ.QF0D$Q8E#
A;^YBM


MF2DQ



KV?/S
3#^]F)X07MUC=T-.VI


5-\K[N7
.SJW

M8F@K5PX(A2@@Y
C
!H0&-F#0(.WO7M(@5J[R-NJ@0=XEHAV=N-.1&E8&=3.
M32*&T(`AII'T@Q$4%9#0@6&4
'!($/:L!D9ZDR2G9Q?


M#'U/
_

&K-G3O#



U]'
M6R@S\7IE)M[08$MEV3=T-.W66@
C'?)1'2
PS#`N9=6N+O'H?`[HQOKM9;C\
M0X]BIHF'O)9D*^79ABWHE*N.IZS3.LFFFK4.U



`0(B@L8D$$



D**[&4N()&*0(T?T1'V0I_ZZQ(8N-XV4Y]5;-D;XOTPT`




M1XFAH]8W=#3MLYH=S1NPT%'9J6%)





0A'#

68'UAA$D%E9EA\29H;I5H3!FB4%0



:;?&@YAD!S&)04QB$)/B04RR

&@YJY
M$6

M(W'&(W`J'
3
OMC*(.8Q`F



M^I;FD3[7_
TE?JCG2G\(&7^&

8'VH7&XT/M2D6U8&M8MO^OQ7ES?T0?4+S8:'^K;6$']


84$1I31&C





+*U6&1DDD)C
D1C\8LD`


AA:G\
M

W-O:

O:9&?
M


S@ZCDTV)05.*!TF)05'RA:#$(CY
M0D]BD-/Z!C53(=E44RI

JK^FJ+GLC(GJ'[YJV\.=?(`H&S'036#P%)B4'2S(PO

2YR9ORX1






RA;?X\Z3M[750(-#
M9@H$F8E!9A?\*@:'YL5`@T-S&RAHGNH


MEE
8


1Y^#/U!1JA%9(1:1$:^I44DR;=X31MHY
RV&'*6

T/HJK$A*[*:D@(RQ#.AB4
M3=6+4;8N


.K4SOHL&ZY69

M0U=

UJNB!Y
M5==[^-#C\A

M2[5.

.E
\


MFH2TQ4)S#FDS

M

MPWJ%L5LL-.50-C
&8+


!BNF?FUEAA$)5^(2@RBDB]D)`89


_US4A)^DY1-0=;;ULK#TQ*!9

ME3+3XEK9RRUNU$Q;O*
O@6Z+R;'%D

!D1:QJP&1`PX(U2D@5
_

+1'#TR8&*
M&&/5UXIAR\$BAL&\)K[\?5DYVQHLKXD;1I9]S;G^Z)5WB+.T_Q@LQ2.+5BXQ


M!TDEHD'4R!W8U3BR



2-S4I?,2-S
M4I?


KAMFSN(,\L%\TBSU.:13$OMII%L1EN:[;\41HJSG+1+H^TFP1



.ZIY
PM!:&U

M(7)FI?-CA=9VWI9NI?

MO@$U=_[10?52H:Y-`S(Y79.0PUW9N'AY^?;1L7):TX%7P=*GB*\;]J9A;X.E


MC@EQFU:?/N]&

)I4E80:WC;6SL3TYSM9!
M(Y(AC&1(79(AC&1(73HOC


B$E^)!;Y$49^9MW+=N[]\:;&)U^S3
0G7Q*+?&6VYVM


M?7WQD#AO(!_^#K8:)7%/:9146K%H]-FS6WXY

M2O/C_O-9ZS;^WS@D_6$74FTP#2*DVAC?/QGE\)]7YJ1
0-+H!5?*\)\$)(T2


M4EBM"944AF%)*:'+*D9LPQ4VK6DVF3SY(A]M?._+]A^5#!^R2IZY^_$89
M:9%R9$4821%&4HRELU'D1!@ID;ID)+.2D3&);#-BL\N2$8?;WRPRJ
K42!F]






M1Y:\&.1A6Q8\U]T*

M?6G8;PW[O6%?&_:M8=\;]J-A/QOV:V?EV1BSX^2!-=[8M+EH[7`9#&$SVX/S

(05AK#
M$%88P@I#6&$(*PQAA2&L,(05AK#$%88P@I#6&$(*PQAA2&L

M$(8%A&$!85A`&!8PED[280$O1P;G'=?O3L$4$@U3,,4PC%
$PA#%
(PQ3
M,(4P3$
4V163#&FLW_*%#;_+:9PN`S`\X,4Q@;G\O,%/-IXWXX#U?,8LD5
MPG%






M\T@XS,,\T@3F,?8EJC;AW+N&//,8M$+S

\T@3F



ML8TP;,,VPC#(\+PB#`\(@R/

0PC$,`PA#$,(0WUAJ\
]86AOC#4%H;8



37:UQ?=1S%L\<7IJ'X
^1(G4X

MNRE[N


M=3&7

SE;





MT7%


YV=UAEW!$W@1V$80=CJ2YV$(8=IX&
M$(8!IX&


(&SI:\C`




ML3(0&-SG!
:2I)C#6'K_8P=AV$'J8@=AV$'J



M#

/KVJS@K@YDV&06B#O')A((FPC#
M)K/N9;ITK-$QS2P1T3%-CE1






^


[84AO34%X;PPM!=&+(+0W5ABX
S84AN3`4%X;@PM!;&'(+
M0^W

M*PQAA2&L


'6MT4@@^
7
MD&.\8PSTDFO?#X6


M29LJ;QOV;K*K+;Z/8M[B\2Q;]Q^B2&KQ8\









9XSJ8MX
MPA!/XJ&4

MFP4B..))(






C8$
M_M3C;#L(90PWB(OB

S86@F#



MT7&=^;D

MB(%FN6@#`PG#0-(&!IKE4AOU@T8\-8M%$W@JL^*I





;0@-C`(:N_R!BZYXA%][+(7T-1M[0_&MRVP.]NBK5?




MQE(7884A;*Y;A

8;DRXNS

]
X
99K%H`C-(.
P@##/

M62R:P!_&MLG8L?ZY.9:15K'


Y:_`2)8

)8ZB^VD'C8



I;SP.F




MV*^=%0^
?;;TW
\WTREVY=81^A?G@.MQ?+FS$GSLQJ3@ET&E'#X:OU4FT^N`



LC*=8&$^Q

MP@I#6&$(*PQAA2&L
(05AK#$%88P@I#6&$(*PQAA2&L,(05AK9%6''FJ(5
MUA8;15B'VX`E#&&%(:PPA!6&L
(05ACD-880@K#&&%(:PPA!6&L
(05AC
MD-880@K#&&%(:PPA
VL#NFXDG81^?;)YN[%\$=K@D?[V-A&YL.WE5CUY@

M





^&(78N5[0N_Y

MQF`KVRP.ZUF(


MGGA*F]C$BUF;YYO[N_I3+MA&PF

ML)G$PU
2#P])73SD;/.0

P$@^#2#P



9Q_OZ'&.%6238P4)A16,Y5\[
9/6(ZS



(2QU%\
(`P#2#P




/?8;&%'.^WE[=_^L
M_O$%QI(V
9:WN5ZB&

=O#&?M(GYI$W
]Y0V\6-I\T!N
MBYP8-+=9##IVZY)!'Q^1;'NOO/`

6`7FX-
M9QA0XF%`B8?;G*UXN$OBX2Z/M[G+V#&=5&5

M;'QL(7$PQ82#P](/3/\8KD8R?NFN3U6


%PG!,%P@C#%&&80A@F$80)AC!_,($P3`
$PC#!
(P
M@3!

ZB\SDY\ZKL\4#P\PNB]
'HOC-X+H_?&TA^[T7MA]#[7+;T?:Y6V][:(
M*;UW2.]#*WIJ


MYY3Q]

?D=OW2ZRTR&[-[8

MY#9Z11Y]0KAZ]2I8_MK68$?^KBTJDR:KS

M*PQAA2&L
(05AK#$%88P@I#6&$(*PQA,ROCDEY*ZS-ULOHYG-10@K#&&%
M(:PPA!6&L,(05AC"D-880@K#&&%(:PPA!6&L,(05AC"D-880@K#&&%(:PP
MA,VL#O6($G8QU]GMF@I@CO


PK`

4PC#%
(PA3!
(0Q3

MJ//M*A


MDYO67-'6\

7((0^S
=JW9
NJUOERH



)N.+6))YQ=

,C9NF<\9`P/Q?UA&(G'P/Q

(07^*AM
1CW
EU









M.%OQ&)
L3!8:R0W63U3+Q^POSUXY
M+?IPP:P;PPOCDC!<(`P7


7X(PP3
M,($P3`
$PC#!
(P06;%!&
'+9E@O9A\:VU_



MJ=K[[FJ'-476/IFU0U



MF-)[A_0^6D1Z@[OTPNBI


3]WW!YUUO#D1YHD/T]I$G-XL6M'G;?P




_UZ7/B;'K!X])
MB3?
1VW#4]U1YXB^-M3)D+1(AI[2(@]7:;$]ZASQ+VWN.7PH
]5';72I4'/K

1M*`[\Y1;DWEW@?;CSI'P4O`DH
Q.;OV*/DB
M'.O_E__X^]_^]H]7__R/?_[O__7__.W?_^??7O[M7__U/_[I7_[M__U?9B3'





M6SR/^^RNL3MZ^YQ_NO[Q0N

MH^_=6


$^VU



M@9]_^+QB?K?A\XKYP06^)Z-6GO54




H_&T+^ZSO
O]*^8YV#H7S'/




L;

4VR188IY/B]]
)GG]#+.)R
$KAO3/T+@
MVC`9

?K+];0N=Z
QFA^V.CMZXC=(Z1

?Q

M1NA.QJ_:0NA.QJ\8\3L9OV*$[F3\BA&ZD_$K1OQ.QJ\8H3-G2!\(W6#\RG?B

;\W0Q+F]X'C
M$-[V
R1A?F^&)


MO1E]D/F]&5V3^;T979/YO=F/PQW[60.?.[SM9_\FPQ3[288I-@[W[/ECXIYH


DRQ688I=I9ABBTR3+%5ABE&,S/4A=8'Z6C!8@R6CVYK3)J/;
MFM,FH]N:MR8C=.9@?#69\6,_JQGQ8S^K&:%C/ZL9H3.OR[80.O.Z9(3.WT9

T)D3I2Z$SIPH&?$S)TI&Z


M&XQ?Y9^$;C!^Q8C?8/R*$;K!^!4C=.:TV199TZ;C/B9TR8C=.:TR0B=.6TR
MXF=.FXS0F7^F#X3._#,9\3/_3$;HS#^3$3KSSV3$;S!^I2?A83]KR'IV8L1^
M5C-QWY6



OJ@
M^6XRNJ;Y;C*ZIOEN
G0Q_\RO0-'%_#
9NIA_)D
7\\]DZ
)^5C/:8@Z=W^?L





2:CW;LV0A'KO9CR/[XN;





M)$
7UQ;)D


M0F=.E(SX\9U^
\+J.BZO(ZSF4LD(J_E2
F++N0?-T


7

F0V=PT&3*;


M
\;(9DC.'C\D..@#%V*H0OC8#,D81QLAB3L%[1F2,)^03-T8?QLAB3L31#

W0AKVN&).1US9$L;4U0Q+&UF;HPMC:
M#$D86YLA6-K
W1A;&VV'ZWM/7ZH7.-!AB[%KC)T*?8D0Y=B2$)NVIHA;EI
M,W0A_VR&).2?S9$_+

['ZFC7C#1ES89HA9#
_8NFHUJ
MABZEV21#EV*TY8^QM1A-)#?MZU89NM1U^/#'F/P.X[U]ZW)1






2Q]VL3T82

2Q]9DZ.+\EXSFFROV



D



AL3IML/E*#?


7_]Z3
M(8FY5#(D


MD

IYW(@])76B&^4LRFN$8F8QF

:]+1GC

M5FQ4

YCON)J
M_JUDO2GWM
\GPW?GO]0%

M/^?-9+CFO)D

M(@]RH$N&CD[2*30Z.DDGXWE.TLEHAI-T


3(EF2'G)`MD
M2;)UB0;Y))DA^Q)1OP9TY\)

MKPVB#;(G&5%T3$4GR)1DAIR3+)`ER0I9D\S6/]W7UO%F%5.2^9Z_GRQYVR7
M).ZC:G;!)F2S)`YR1ER3K)`EB0K9$TRW]$3[W)+$'))
EL?=5_SPF:54Y+Y





M
G.&X9XE'[



M_GI3Q1PCM0YC'G$V0:8D




$



+
M7K`4X4L+WM@4X5L86O`'^=
_ZN-__\N__OWG7SX]_OS;+W_[G]^_^Z]/?_WR

_?_WT\W]\^LU_
MS3_^Z^?/7_[_?Z@S_]/_?O[M/W__]=.G+W_Y/P$```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(
M````(0#

M;(Q5R6[;

G'I@,_-$IY1H^E_:E.7[C(POM7KHC3)6@!+](

P?N'0H(U`*$!N#G7;R*M^09ZF!=T'T7-(H)




M`SH

J9KF_#O5N:@
*GD&G+Y+'.EVI+4+JVI('J:5







#J=7(Z'



,FQYR='25RE,2$1(3$A2$I(1DA.2*$3









MAHY=4IC?N]

M6WODH&\5GX)9M9BU9D.E)6


M=Y-C\WK%6;=F;X8CYI_!`M_'=[A762)23#'DTD*_GMS)+@J#JPC1M1L23X




NZ7+3K8_X(H5


X
MLH7?;\3]#PZ_CVTMMJL8U3716BA1^T(MKVZ7JLK19:O=B_S[^=`1H!G+3:
M







MMKUNG%]^_G2HH/7#[J^7X.^SE^_[OWK/#U]&#T\[U#;RY#+PVW[_NS
MOC@$


R3E5J7/+@_Q.-]1UG'.75H+^X/[WKSKJ.4






B8R(C(E
B$R)
MS(C
B2R(+(F41%9$UD0V1+8AB?*.SH?RWK@ZGO)./ES^PS/^0YS65F54N[H]
M7/;=^=QFU&'4990SZC'J
RH8#1@-&8T8C1E-&$T9S1C-&2T8+1F5C%:
UHPV
MC+81BO*/;C_
OW3U#KO3&Q??
/-I7U^9U1NXO(=F'^
&TE:SXXG/J
LH9]1C
MU&=4
!HP&C(:

^HQZC

M$!D0&1(9$1D3F19$ID1F1-9$%D2*8FLB*R);(AL0Q*ET\V^6/D\\2APJJ9

.HRZCG%&/49]1P6C`:
AHQ&C
:
)HRFC&:
YHP6C)J&2T8K1FM&&T


33T$#\X\8WN[%9*(J


ZG\&:.Y((V_$*3'NF14
EH)TEAK01IKPV@;H;A1

AHQ&GN$?R36A*VFC&:
YA[A'XFU8*LE

D2EU:)S72^

KBV18.U5=`L\XRIS10AVU0IKI7<M2K21\Z=$U
M;JR#FDQ^\(I+7&LL\YJP45W*VD91XN;F9O:LYE;-^
7-S3


:
*.4T8S=IPS6K#CDE'I

M-?++/?(#G5KS(BFKIP922WT.4S`:J*
[76H7R=ALJ+H$'G&4






YJHHU91XR89&$S52L+//#H]HIASB0N-I24VK]*N1JVDQ/)=):ZX
MQ+7&.B2%NON-&DAAVRA

'4\O?<+
M
4[%HK97H6B

-I&CG&BWYA

M7)EZC/J

M''C.:/&NLI9:E@Y%:_CL-2ZRM(
EE;#BHUC;CLDOVNA1'(:GM^DCWVT4.6[8

^Y[%(0O&`TXUI!C





T8`=AXQ&[#AF-&''
M*:
9.\X9+=AQR:CT*!CGK3C6FATWC+:18YQH-Y%I#&
;U01G-(P]LF1TDSY/



128ITL

M8Y`YE[BP2L0T3M+;+=5

1NPX9C1A





M
RM_:-NOI
M5%1?PNB0NV`T$'2RL&%<6


1%\9


M/A]
P6B@CH?;.GK.J+H$'G&4



9C5HEE\-I%7W.4S!:*.5:^2=%=#U27PB*.
&4W4T06^2H]XJKH$GG&4
M.:.%.D:=2M+#+]5

M9LMS/+TE$Q8.8RH6'&['O0


545!O6UX5C;R#'N8MP4I]7%5%.?\;7$

IC')*RP:T%1V48.K4#2@(:O<!XL&




:



!HR&C$:
QHPFC*:
9HSFC!:
FH9+1BM&:T8;2-






C?@904W-VC.EH)[



+B%G%H*GG$AIY:1UG(
6




D3M6#YX]Q&U8REX!1*U8REX$Q(MT5+PJB-:HJ7@I6W<5@C<KQ3F[DW



.K:4OI,.K:4O#%,,X%2\$GP3@7+`4K!*N






M14$;M90NE*ZI8$T4M%'+!PLA96ZA&CYJ+'Z4N?5J6
&R1YE;MH85K'Z4N=5K
M6
$B2)E;Q(85+'R4N;5L6


M6

MK
&5N76.6
34

5JBI6`=8]2HI6`Y8[1$2\&JQFB)




M%8@5;!J5N9V`6
&N4)G;$(@5[`25N7V!6




M``#__P


!3'WR?M.UA^+P9R:1-!JF15MDJ;-$V[


;RA





H]F]_$D^3^$A(BZ3)ZHHZO



+%C:'(!/9O-_S;[



M

M



MU]7-YO6KQ\\?OOSR\?-O;U__G_]J_^/X^M6W[^\___+^CR^?']^^_N_';Z__

MC






W.^!Y_F`.)8S5B$P;M&?G-6EU2J0ATA+I


H9#8Q&1A.CF='Z**0]AH&[X77M=7*
MH+Z4%]D.'6O10(^Z'=?A*@+:
;*R/$(-9[6
.D8]HX'1R&AB-#-:&%T4TO+
M4-V3EX;PF.(@U.XIA&T;%=4

M
Q6'Z&$JF$TEEAM0'2Y8A+XQHS.CAE'+J&/4
QH8C8PF1C.CA=%%(6TJC+4+
]Z0J;

K*JSHGM




,VYJ?/3L.D:YJ'JTZ#]\$2G
MJ942'9GJ)=/LI-0:4;'X9DNH3:CH7KN$E
=4L.PE$RK%1534-7'U
Z_$PNBB



M^_(??9=KD/1L?A24ES

BQ(K!Z$)


2\[(C3.N')`6GF8SWC*XSQ'

Q5'_]I49&HXNC=CM'J7DO(*G1-*PU&:Q#0Y+KNVY5HZ

+\H
M5+]XIH_S$;T+(E
#U83RMIQW$=WEWJ]AU`K*I_5.4%;5\K5#X)R]:.@7-?$
M:!:4RZ





9H32EM0'7'17@\B

FJY8)=0V9E*P;S$05`A
MCNN:&
U2


U2
/:D!VZ0.4'6^:*JT9K_

9H%Y8(+


P]@5:6D\5V94]K2



MPRZ:Z78;)C#6^@N_CPBG0WL+*S$U)][:CJ'.6=EQK*RX+-9P5LNH8]0S&AB-

&D8MHXY1SVA@
M-#*:&
V
%D87A;35
&DJK*Z=09Q

B//3#SK_9J5FR2AAK-:1AVCGM'`
M:&0T
9H9+8PNFEY8:[BR8MS&TO



M&LYJ&76

M95-5=6M4G21/M]K*SI*+M*PT+0)%A35.7NNPSF&]PP:'C0Z;'#8[;''813-M
MU\R_9&AUR/
LV?138J9IVBE5SI*9T8-HY91QZAG-#`:&4V,9D8+HXM6IZ9

SHX91RZACU#

MU#!J&76




M55!OW1
#P%MG`)B8Z0#L-8N4I5IWKP=VOAA*3UCF@JIQAX+%?5T7'6?X:=

)T:`M\X(
#%U7


VK?DBB


MYK9X4M9T3J-:M-9I!GTO-B)G
'B7AGGYT9XZH6+#S@G=Y\UO!.6912LH3X8Z

M

MGIB19V??.2O+BY6I1DFHY8(=HY[1P&AD-#&:&2V




X#ETUI)8'E;4DI;1F5'#
MJ&74



MQ3/79D]-4B:OX

)D8SHT4AW0[5G*60Y\Q%\$1U$&I.

'66R+-F+N4E2ZM'/:W]MI*SU4/C
8?6MID
MEL8/W

6;$M6PUDMU]4E5%R!







!JYX
1HYH*+0EI+&(`7










.9


#)J)03

R
4@F!LG$()D8
M)!.#9&*03`R2B4$R


ME;HM\AJP)_P$38NTUP&OGQRW+3(7E2

7Q2
MG!@^*4X
GQ0GAD^*$\
GQ8GAD^(E
R[#]

M[
3.#H
XRH

M@Q!B$$(
0HA!#$((08AQ"$&(24S`@)@_)52'AZ(5[\K-(WP4-_5[20.(3'
MC4QA$!*9&N8)PV&^SD2W].H4Q2.4G6JJ'T@$=K6-%D3:,&;;1VT+;F%6MG
MW^$`DVN:+`(F2V9,AG%W8?*EW]5^I:X




4T62-^5


+2B/32A/++[%`2XRLN%0

M#S_+Z)1#







M0@Q&ROJ
D3!V=HW$0;4Q(A!]1=&D[%


0G9NA8A]8U1^J'UK(N
MHS6


%PQA*RR1B


TYXB*\8?.-=2'CQ%

BU?F`%@F1/[)(J$UI:9'[#7W&#*;+16K3UV]9





/KFE9H)0:KQ5&)P2
M@U)B
$H
0HG!)S'H)`:;QS9
9E&.N[+N


L
6$K?
MRS:-.LX^3*.FB54J6_2\..FM164WP#@Q"<&W\2@FQAL$X-L8G!-#*J)P30Q
MBZ9\1PF$87GW!O'V85Q&:%Q21.P]#%M[7(M6K@D!I?$X)(87!*#2V)P20PN


R[#'


N


Y--LY6@LOL#5V'&9B=JO1I;C/S
ML#^WA^!4H9IY.!*.1..&4(R0UAF
T

D-89@C-#.&9(40SA&F&4
T0KA4TLL.$I9#]0VTZ37)TFXXP3(`*Y::[
M@?(UK3!.#

XHA!'#&((P9QQ.&

XHA!7
F

M4/N

6@F!LW$
MH+ED1G.8MOQ5S7&J8S2O\Y]2

OS*!YK4YV!S03@V9BT$P
FHE!
M


L1

?)


&AXT.FQPV.VQQV$4SHSE
6ZSF



R/;L]J(=&GM*



M
J
Y3(T*S;GCB'

$)(9PC)#:&8(
MSPPAFB%




MASF



MD1WF*(7L:YM^Z;FYVSBQ
;W&.MLIG-M?@

MLHG!-3&H)@;3QZ9

M9&*03`R2B4$R



03@WAB$$\
XHE!
M?
F

MDHE!

O=AG+7G]IR[[$O'+O,,T-=5Y_%47E$+O.@]$.'8


M)-2KLPKM
'7!HQA<EF




V^?%
MPKL!@S

FUV%;?=C

MN3&\\S3T9VX
;^4



'F`?]R!R5XEWSP


,?#79.KAU\IA8./&]G1
=JX<+X)NT<.!%\-EM./#.=2?8.;EV:D1J-W)&Y.Q&


M:Z=&I'8C9T3.;J1!I'$C^'([''A[`5]DAP


C(J
;.6%[3N[VU(C4;N2
2.-&6D1:-](ATKF1'I'!C9QQRW_T[_C?
MXFAT[^G7B-1NY(S(V8TTB#1NI$6D=2


RNK7UJ&WT

]1S\A,KF1&9'%C5P0
MN;B1$];@Y*Y!C4CM1LZ(G-U(@TCC1EI$6C?2(=*YD1$/1HSNLP\3(I,;F1%9
MW,@E/&;A1DZP<W+MU(C4;N2,2.-&6D1:-](ATKF1'I'!C8P[G&G=YPXF18W
M

3#'J/[S
:$

MA9D0F=S(C



I&I$D@G:#H1B2H)650RDE4*
M4E0JLJHTJO;&
X4^K_OW2PFO
I!-92)3)9!.T'0B$E42LJAD)*L4I*A49%7I
M5-E=F^R!#)4-V50F



BYX;6RD6-N.
MHS@0?5]I_P'QWH`)2;JC)*



N]/RP\;]S%99&+C^=JT2

M@!+0K

M9



.3!:GU'GK2:







)[L
M
%`12*L5!JG'G2:A+%


M0'UH4$F1A%$DM9`
(X9*.%2_IU*9K89+WQL&UE2.L84D%I(.B'X'9;2]R..^

MS_F1_Y:WQ[+IG(H?8&C@+6%7:/4W`'W3B[






M0J0SQ8TL.B/P5!AYHFAVBO`4BM9LLUQ:J\T:IG^B:76:\.PTU\.RG^B!U=9?





2)B.QT1R
MG+448\^[3F3&NKSFFJ=O#@4?2%^Q6OE)2`0;EGG$R!6(K-OVQ2(K<[)N;R0B
M5NXK6#8


&*;%('Z
`HQC*-80K+#K#U1.2S:EK'#G%E0\_K\MB;A
M/I).:.A

M8BX69#;IL6
AT\XGAY`U/:H0BF9H'$+.((1BGX^D0X
CKD#E?08
L7:%`
M
`H%&FQ%`@VV8H$4WK$F1^6=:'X&*PX4+%8WI0M[
9]$\MA)C1H;MT
K7B+(
M=C';3@\(-PT2(G`^MA-@%
JF%V0[FS00T2`A3
D@?OCEA+(ZPX
M\'[?A4.@8X<DW[G4R#.ODQHA'RL&&(58,<(HEA1E[U@[H_*.\6GUYTS:;)-,
M]NT(WU0F,7`Q\C#R,0HPC&*

@--JL7N`1*(BP6-4(E`&;Y3[6@:-O


S;YO'

M`P!02P



M_OO;__R/7_Z\?_C]\?/M[=

/?^


G^ZN'VX^_OGY7E



MIZYX'?SP5ZYX^7-71)\ZE15_@^?/U7$?_/!7KGCU
Z(6:RG[I__*4K%M(8



A$R$S(0LA
M!T*.*?(&DIYU15L@73$

A(
MR$3(3
AR(&08XHH#=$K4@VE3H8C31M@=?76IG*VQ27UZ?1VC6OFJ&&H9:A

;CM//FVGFS-1IKM-KMM
#U

M(2TA'2$](0
A(R$3(3
AR$'0HXIHJ1!_F!)X^!,F@#YY.O4!PEI&D)Z0CI
M1D(&0F9)D)60@Y$')


0U
M$3)3G





C4+1J!8JQ.H&B8R]0
MJKT/#^WEBJ-8Q5B30#'6S-`B4S70:`8ZRB0H93+UVE?`;OYC12R

MT#CM
=P/N6`=S)3ZP2H^@=I@M8U0%Z`D[^C%*M[)0:#8*$:!8JR)8\T



8\(H4!P3
M)W&
NKH^-<E5



\2



V*


MK!A^$


4[
?%U9H86




PG




=0S-#`T
C0Q-#.T

K#Q#^G$=A_#ZFDXI6'&
BTC'4
MQ3##P+I\-GS98Q64JY)04H#]^Y4JL%+4[23?3;Q%BJ38!2;01:^Y]H+HNL




MAB;EJ&OW3$JW

G-QE?RJ

M0:QBK%&@&&L2Z!1+USI+!JG6V6(2?JR0KI





66F_`<`.DE=0!4FI[3Z@M5BU;=1RK#UR<CPX\C0Q+%FCK6PXT%!

_





!&5EV(KP8V;Y5`0[!*;L[(T
2Q9H86=CPH2




[7
MZ6S*T4<+:00#QQD9FJ+C*31^]LARA#E:2.B%XQP4I'7,9@\O+5SA2T)Z^`8L
MS?(I
3TGDI
#R5677!$AY#Z]`P-`4I^`!OYBA
[S@PM'.N@8FFYGIE5X)UW
MEL5CJCL&*.V.'DKZ61N):E%%Z]7\];7V*7@FQIM8\FHMP0(
P=!1HY]A0=

M678!^
M_*-X+U9AC?]Z2WOI#

4D++PN$)


M?6CP3^1B%?7L!%*.^0^O?;22#CDP-`H4PT\Z?#Y3-:2?A%05H\E]F?1RNH






R2JC<!4@)YS\2JU9X[4)*V3
T!`@_
MA(C5&*`DUL2.





M1[$FL8JQ9H%BK$6@4RPECGNU[


MN=Z7[U!+9O#+2NE^9F!FW._*T?1!JRR=LNR#EE@Z@9E!`RR=SLS@3/5WI]N3

M5
]B*E2\


XQ9Z8%TYH,YC`HF^4S[-J
-IQ-*Q3E6YMAADL
M5Y5N/889K$N5;EF&F0JZ5:9N-9C:9+#@II:6F-5!36U&RNH*86@T44M!3
MV:'U8CF22XTE8&A@,5@)+MU)_M@]1?J6`R6?:&.Q530K3)UJ\&X13F^3@.F
M




M=2I3G1I
;3+XO`$:6(KBJP9H8#'XN`$:6`P^88`&%H

?A0

M?1+##+XD*MV7


M8!J3P4=]T
#RP;=]T
!B\`D?-+`8?
D'#2P&'_1!`XO!5WO0P&+P53(TL'H)
M/JF%!I8Z^(P6&EA

!B\/4L-+`8

M6IP=0FTX!I3`;?K4
#2VM\O@X-+`;?J$
#B\&G

MRF8QV*0!9;
8[`E3NGU


ZAC
=C)



M5*A/9=8'&WZ6;NM++EL#QFUWR0QV]RS=KI?
8)//TFU^R0SV^BS=AI?


U8-Q^K
QT8-RVK

MMI@*]:G







CKPLW?F+S.`4





LV%1@3ZN7S&!F
MDUG`'$SF.9H

M-ID%S


M0`L419



M^%R
V-XZ+?\%4-*I!ZZNAB?JZ'IE]!'!7`%M6^IO2;($XEZ\9QC*`5.81V\\


M=`!A
OPOU_\!``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#G*UUS%ET``-P'`@`9````

MF]1CJ-SW?7UC4U2+UB)+1K);
_]^/#+X1'XG,E2/XPX7[F?`.#'@0`F?G3

M_N7=[\^?/_S\^G\_?'W]WW_____OIS^?O_SKZV\?/GQ[)0J?O_[\^K=OW_[X




M45^VGU?JB//O[:G5V*BN,'FIA?6\THM)$;74:]?N,'JA2LSPPOM=Z5N/_0

M.+BVL73?7[)QB#_96#?]J29F[)N&9^L036J#=$Z(#V0/L@`9`@R`AF#3$F




*?BE5/R

M&A*-B

^N@VKP@'9`N2`^D#S(`&8*
M0
&%Y9MG\%*H7#XQH\7+R\




@:I]#'


GST#




M@\..#A





J`G1E&A&
MK3FC%D1+HA6UUHS:$&V)=M3:



X64

@F6_EPY?='M:TO&Z/:UWEY2HQZ7:=
M!K:N(\MVHIV0[(-&=1*2[57496*/J$^M`;6&3!P1C:DUH=:4B3.B.;46U%HR




M_N[B^ILB):6^*9[=Y8E
IOJ;4CVEMBV.ZKYM7H8']7X2-5I$-07.F0R
X[
M19JF#M
+1:&R@\+:FM=!<<VM[!E=NO1
ME]`T&R7B.0@Z`9T4E2&NDSL$?69.`:
G%$-&;BA&C*Q!G1G(D+HB435T1K




3K%-QLKKM!)8^F(K126;7H[H7N[/^@0

MM2':*C*M';7V&F5:!Z*C(M
2FZ?5U\+FD665%$^3U17/]+3DF3'$T\S5HN=C




MKY


MGH'C$EIIX

J`G1
ME&A&K3FC%D1+HA6UUHS:$&V)=M3:





M'E'?$D
/X_7J@?U=A8=4&1&-+=%VF&=[BU+Y*;5F1'-+=+=[87]7X2555D1K




:
[$!=&2B2NB-1
W1%LF[HCV


M%5:@LF[ZT3I3^%(`=%EB^1U!BLLVO9W0O5V5.D3=A.2\HYO?HU:?B0.B(;5&

6G








M(9EPG
RD?2U-N2WA
4BV+7HJ


\VW-XG'^7\Y-Z3IZ?HAO/15MW
M=93N?INH0]0EZA'UB09$0Z(1T9AH0C0EFA'-B19$2Z(5T9IH0[0EVA'MB0Y$
M1R(Q






MJ#5DXHAH3*T)M:9
G!'-J;6@UI*)*Z(UM3;4VC)Q1[2GUH%:1R:*Z6-MLT**

M:$:M.:
61$NB%;76C-H0;8EVU-HSZD!T)!(#HY!B8%12#$S6=IB6/#.&W-LR



FA!-B6;4FC-J0;0D6E%KS:@-T99H1ZT]HPY$1R(Q
`HI
M!HXLJZ08F


MY:?4FA'-+=$_+@L+4.4E959$:TL


'!&-F3@AFC)Q


MH

M#!]$U/%4SII3[+Y=1:.5-O)3_RZ$@745V]%I7*DWY8\G*F3O=Q*:R8.M7

9




M)I3)](CZEGCF##&P*)4?4FM$-+;$

TL\<T`.%J7R1VI)B\`ITB*U5<X





B6EMB4+Z];GZ#X
85'E+F1W1WA+/')*#1:G\D5K2)/*-$ED
M8I8S`TC?U&$Z@ISR*:?6RNPHI_PZUS\ZTD5U1*VN7O
F36'US.NBN*I6=E%B


7!&M
MF;@AVC)Q1[1GXH'HR$3Q
PHI?D8EQ;QD6O&LEG+2IY[6/'.&V)5Z6G7/KF&9
MRK-K7+XJ[:JLG.
W/BW0C\0*Q/Z[(K53BC-\:\;+RIW[,_:85V*](CZEGCF
M_#P*)4?4FM$-+;$



M^'6N?W2D@^J(6EV=YDR;'KZS='OBC:7;FF6S_
2R;6PGE


M5CPS0:4ESYG6/'-&I47/F5;=LVM8HG).^`]QZ:HXX2MKS/(;CPQ:*2R[6K43
M2K/\V^:4LV-_UQ;K4J5'U+?$

MLMD\+`O[NPHOJ;(B6EMB$

M/5GJF0&D:=+*:K9$IB;+Y=18.5-G)3/BX$@'45R-%H6*9=OPB_5N!\55M[*#


MK7K

M^U]CW;=CX7J^Z%*T1]2W1-M`/M.W*)4?4FM$-+;$
_(3BU+Y*;5F1'-+?
E1


W%#M&7BCFC/Q`/1D8EB;A12S!U95DEQ

ZVZ
MY]:PO.6Y-2Y[E6Z-[+J\5#0_3?60



MTK$H/9UWJ=4CZEMBN'K?-^ZV!_9GU1U29$0TML0SFSVQ*)6?4FM&-+=$;[
7

G$%=&:B1NB+1-W
M1'LF'HB.3!0_HY#BY\BR2HIYR;3BF0GDA$\]K7FNIT7/F5;=LVM8[/+L&A?!
M2KLFUGB:V?S\[$

RZYJ[83DAOO



?78ZD%HVXYI0J+85Z'Q46RLL

W%`-&3BB&C
M/:,.1$<B,7`JMQ52#!Q95LE*YXSI^)B8.HY-1<#<XRRZJ6!
MP]*6

_G+1:ETYHNM7I$
M?4L

B(:6^*9S9Y8E
I/J34CFENBM]D+^[/J+BFR(EI;
MXIG-WEB4RF^IM2/:6^)ILQ\NKHJI=V-MZF#A.LZ1HM(MT6^9:Z1;TK+K6=M(





R




MHK3-NM3J$?4M\=3!C_?-[ST=6(1*#ZDS(AI;XIDMGUB4RD^I-2.:6^)WMGQA
M$2J]I



W%`-&3BB&C


M'Z8V7`YKQWUO+ZK:?_D`M0&C5O'\Y^HR+
TYEX7X!_197

-M0V:
8


#R:&1VXP/*$8'MG!W82U%[(:5[49

#0U:S_$](:APW*8:^BX3E9


#2:&AIX8&G%B:#`Q-)@8&GIB:
2)


MI$B*I$B*;SY]RI=H=Y?#KA/]^V=
)Z)7'-KEQ^X77-D)K!6S@4D`!+T+%E
M:X5LVG6XCBU;


$822*(&@40=NWJ^_X
ME#=KUFRN@C#41=!HR[:3?@`J)*V13,Z51)&HDJ1I6T?;\(@



MM\RJJJRVNP]#==8V:;?0&C`-5M29'LO9.DO/ZXHZ2V)^&VAP$Q[L$5+2LLM]
M(@H:`86^1!`T`@A]J9F@43.A+S43-&HF].7$$30*)/2E0()&@82^E$30*(G0
MEY((&B41^N+_H.'_T!?_!PW_A[XX/F@X/O25XZ.(XT-OV3N*K1=R)[=FR
76

M&#IH&#IH&#J

M0X?Q



M
'30
'30

'30
'30


=&^SHY



.

M/VJIUKK\43RA+\63M&P^*)XP'I42QJ
*-(O&%(PHT-\7\4*8`H4@%A2H@-J0$HD@-
M1)$B$-2!$FKOV//NX3&:=MT2&B@@#41%)RS-(2421FH@B11%%JB*)V2J*
MJH@-*8LH4A=15&&$


M%?8/&NX/&N8/&MY/6F8HO!\TK!\TG!\T&3^*&#^*S@HZ(\26K1FRG93K4\LL
MBS)Z%%L_I&N?PNAZ$I@9O;O

MNE
:UD878\)
MLX-ZNP*Z3<\/^P?O5NS6[X31M.Q$PH@B8421,*)(&%$DCCBZRAB[CB[AB
#AN6#AN.#AN&#AM^#AMV#AMN#AMF#)J]'$:M'T5E!1H\MG1ED\]C2
MV4$FSUL6'M<S0.OQ]'P\'@M=@M*HLBU8G`]2\@&3]<!C]53\.[T43^JZ'W#


M1!*YJ.X-7CS')-]=N^SP%44L&T4L&T4L&T4L&T6.85'D(!9%CF)1Y#`618YC


MBCJJ&97#FE&M271@
VVM371H

M@^NB
-4NI_.<
M7BK+\]F1ZUP(&\ZZ]7%6;ON:^+%WNB

M;


Z/-C;8PVJO1ED9;

=C+:V6@7HWT:[6HT3E!QXKB98L2Q



WZ(Y'
-Z,-X&&T(_B@$7RN%<%_;PU\[];`



M
^
M1!HT(LW[%I%J?68CK1=N?;LG\5;?#LY,T-USJ,J0X%,[MMLDA.3UCM(W`^*

M\G&+]&G=EJ7OQXNSM-`K#)1$I;79*CE


-X1!HT(LW[

3)*UWD+@?%%TY:+;-FIDB

MRS+0+1_2




O3OQTXM6)






'C1Y/8I8/8HX
M/8H8/8K.#+)Y;.GL()/G+0N/ZWK

00-$((&A$$


MDQ
T)B=H3$[0F)R@

6JUU#Q&8

6C
8]8QZ`QCTG+GGLPCVV[[FKC
M[JGX$@13VS9K=IFI#1I3&S2F-FA,;=8VJ`QM4E+NUQ
K2[1LZGM3OSIVKV8
MPB1F9V^F

)Z$]UU!U/8MLLW
M43RV9E;;9LUPS&K0F-5Z$]T1A5EMV^6;**)@5MMFS2:8U:`QJ_4FNBB8U;9=


=]NLV16F.VA
=]@$TQW:
;=!8VZ#QMSFXQ5SJ[LFV=QV19QNIQ1S6(N]



FBY



MWUK



3$MG1VX8])K61A:-U.LH=-=EOYYZJF]]9*OGXIO*Q)8VZQ9+Q!7T`@K
M:$05-((*&C$%#8\'#8\'#8\'#8\'#8\'#8\'#8\'#8\'#8\'#8\'#8\'#8\'





M?
P+\_?(/'`+Q[(G

WY70F*X?8=\I

(CV+BCP.K$P:
K!]E36K@]U==7-!..\;TG
,[=TI
M=L?8C3OMBV.$?:?8'6,_[Q2[8^S^G6)PC-V_40PN+^S^C6)PC!AN%(-C[/Z-
M8G

MD5_2NV$-U9N0=67#.V(C'?%N!+;*Q(BTZ_XR0/82+3S^_5SS&]34X;Y*UN





GGVX!


M]A
SWLB1CF'&&SG2



NIRUC






MLK,@Y^N+QC5G1E81GFT)K4

-UNJZP
M;#AYUJWW9WMU

MIKL*G^.?:[?B1!.-H(SY&S)!?)IR15RM60X!/%A\S\2&UNV`6TLV4*VENP@
M[Y;L(7M+#I#)4?(AR5

M?9:0I24KR

-UZO.#92&SLV41LXME4;.K93&QNV1ZTM^0`

MG-CMD]WK

MGR%-T

M#D%\V)R/Q





AR!\+[;
M.^+5[^DLNQ#NIXWVKE:0FF2HZ%G([&Q9Q.QB6=3L:EE.][)7O(WI(#Y&#)
M$?)AR0ERLN0

F2
M


2SJ=C4
MLYG8W+.%V
(RV6)D]W(



ELLJK
K-D`]E8LH5L+=E!WBW90_:6'`'2SA6ZEKOAJ&Z=:UA&6RW\B.
M.(9X7\J6WGDRWLR.-H=X1\J0K[;/$K*T9`5967(AU$\;Z15RM83IUK6$9R.Q
ML6<3L8EG4[&I93O0NR5[R-Z2`^1@R1'R8<D)<K+D##E;(JN\6K*$+U905:6
MK%OEFP@&TNVD*TEP]&CUOCV93C#B=C$LZG8U+.9V-RSA=C
MEB9/=R#/%^
MD5V\(U2\


OH?O6+VCSZ(1+XIB
M4^[H.[K7<*^0VKTH!VTKR/[9-\_[:Y?(5=+AD

Z2=\B[)7O(
MWA)YUEM6CO6&?86\VM&6D*4E*\C*DC5D;0D6X8@XMJ\NPP8ZDGHV%9MZ-A.;

/X`
X/XP\N1G?NP^W:GPY0\Z67?EEPA





MDY^A9R.QL64;T

)?I-']KCOW5$\AC6RO
M

SO:'.(=*4.^VCY+R-*2%61ER1KR9LF5)%QM#H9#Y6?HV4AL

M:\B;)1O(QI(M9&O)#O)NB:9I9
D8XN=/T^=G2!
TLZ/-(7[F5&2OM@_^8A4_

MKE:LH*L+%E#WBS90#:6;%;2W:0=TOVD+TEP]DMJ\?9K5U)S\7FGBW$%I;)

M/9N(33R;BDTM.X*.EGQ`/BPY04Z6G%G2RZ0BR6?D$]+-I-)5O(UI(=9&?)


:2'61OR1%R

6I;

M971S+W-H965T

MJ65U6]&6Y9#4I\_Y]W=G(1

__G;YR_O_OZK


M[8


MWS]\_3;\Z!J_^N']O[]^^_SIZ%6N^S;*K8]R9]O9_/WNX?6;QYN[SNW+@]S[
M(/93!'FF=^OBN@_V


'W]!^^H:W#R]J^.@;VD_?L'
?



%
GNLD
'


?!O\Y'[YD[T&.]U&.[UX9X.?;J.?7GB
W8GO








M13DTZ(W=A[35\/CP4%1#*PK'JP\R`!FU`CD#'(!&0*
@.9@RQ`EB`KD#7(
M!F0+L@/9@QQ`CB`GD#/(!:2JB-X2]8B8UXJ)K9C9BJFMF-N*R:V8W8KIK;+\






Z(Y




9$
M$Z(IT8QH3K0@6A*MB-9$&Z(MT8YH3W0@.A*=B
Y$%R(K#B32:H.L)YC(N!4&




Y0OI%N


M.Z0]:IVGXJC5H6&V$=_=.W?_)Y)VZ^\+4ZL%EAVVQ\+N/:^RK6B31C0@&@9T



-KQN:&1]P0:#06K!1L)-A9L(MA4L)E@<\$6@BT%
M6PFV%FPCV%:PG6![P0Z'04[786[*8U3X3;
4OH+*O6LBE,H,]KZ)4H[
MV#LG0JD



M[386;+8%8B3+J5B(#*E8B0JG,84BE


M@LT%6PBV%&PEV%JPC6!;P7:[04['84[386;+8%8B3+J5B(#*E8B0JG,
M84BE

MB^70:W61]04;#84K!9L)-A8L(E@4\%F@LT%6PBV%&PEV%JPC6!;P7:[04[
M'84[386;+8%8B3+J5B(#*E8B0JG
84BE,H.5B)J0QA)2*4RA)6(IDR
M+Q&WJJ@&6F&U


MY`FZ/M&`:$A4$XV(QD03HBG1C&A.M!:$JV(UD0;HBW1CFA/=`Z$IV(SD07


8BJT'`84(Q5!Y3'*E[N'D55B#4FF@04PT\#RL
7K\K.HBJ$GQ
M

M'0@V#Q&JP-*FHX$&PLV2R&FP:4A)L)-A=L$5@


M_GW/A]?%H'C


M2[0CVA

LL'%XZ*&9H030.*L6:,-0^J&&M!M1:$:V)-D1;HAW1



KX1^=J-P!*$]4GMF/




MUF]?U.

HHV':-V&F75#^?2\
M+/-IHTK&10.JAD1U0#'\R*
DUCBHXL&;$$T#BK%FC#4/JAAK0;1DPQ55:Z)-

M!9*K8O56

M
WV=36N\:5A1$



M

H+
MHF%%092/9-@F!N1F2H6!-`JB%1330B&A--B*9$
Z(YT8)H2;0B6A-MB+9$


4I#6,D(I;*$
M%4VFS*O&K16*.^^'9@TQN_/VK+B,E,OA415K!@N2`ZJ&1#71B&A,-&:$LV(

IM[I@/)%T

M1#71B&A

=&R@D#6K#(




I




W#GOGS5?1P%H;
)PTP]RL[:?BMMY)[L


M;K;5W!PV;
%SSJVFTM0.N
MT0.O<AO;JKJ=XN9@J&,5UJJY$2/=LBR<=P(=U*_*WJ?A+C1LE./TO--Z
I.





M!1

MD+HB21=SB/I$`Z(A44TT(AH338BF1#.B.=&:$FT(EH3;8BV1#NB/=&!Z$AT
M(CH373*4N\'-K@W-#
NN1L\B\.?GGV0V_4L&E&?:$`T)*J)1D1CH@G1E&A&





50L%JP

MD*@F&A&-B29$4Z(9T9QH0;0D6A&MB39$6Z(=T9[H0'0D.A&=B2X9R@U2+`BT

M]K&SN
?WY0-2!QVKV.


M:*


M\^/ITZCVS7+.R
ZT(7+/LR31?8^2MP(&1
/0

V
MG!




CNSQ%&.Y77E3?GWU.?X]
M]'7)HF3^[+@OAU
&;?Y0S


ML*2/4V!)O+-@E\:MH53TJGS9#C6N1%SYP'F`[+N73$O;N9I&J?7N\#NS&O

U8B&O&`C-CM6UC_=[?%#
@YK56%GQO7O/AGATTF?W0


M`3/K@)EU$





M580.S6^(9'X#

S;OHU;S;AG-'\N9U,4UI1FX%H3\S,@*9D<',R&W;N$O=NV*2
MW;S=RD(7YNV&??=`%G:W`:^YW1_P#UG`Y-;'/-VPQ*7F;<;EMSBF)'!S
B(
M9ZY%/'


6XAG

=P5

3ILE@1<VV#

M

E.C53-F&
MD^

M[S!3MX+0GYDZ#92;VGT$NC3U]0_E8-##9K!P76'O=3Q+O-0/+!L


MV:T5A/[
;KZ_&


UY^U)_5D0\M
M[KML-2\KHS\^%S=3_45Y-3`9*EDQ-2P9*MFYN&'VH4+AVF&5XUE<5K0R@<YJ
M`O&L)JS`D`\L[QG\<1DED<\LSSBF;\1S\P


F


0&!F(#`S$)@9,P,!&8&`C,#@9F!
MP,Q`8&8@,#,0F!D(S`P$9@8

M+F!V6
#LJ(#900&S8P)FAP3
C@B8'1`P*Q(P*Q(P*Q(P*Q(P*Q(P*Q(P*Q(P
M*Q(P*Q(P*Q(P*Q(P*Q(P*Q(P*Q(P5R2$5B2$R@J5\H(K$C97;G!%0J7R@RL2

IMAR_MZ.Z)^?U9.Y
)@MA;ZO)+

MSFR$SFS(R6S(R6S(R6S(R6S(R6S(R6S(R6S(R6S(R6S(R6S(R6S(R6S(R6S(

M_B
Y]4]M&CGMC`=R
AL!ZVWC_247\3(;X3(;T3)_!




U5#8A^Y+UJG;A(LKO7VYTDR=E
584K!N
MIL[!NIDF9%S\A6;JQ*291N=ZLEBMKN4.R7'_R/%P%1V

G*$26S$22S$2/S1XBL'+(Q&[(Q&[(Q?\C&RB$;
MLR$;LR$;\X=LK!RR
1NR
1NR
7_(QLHA&[
A&[-)-N90ZY271#9N1#9N+
E0

V+';PA=M+^
MP5ZB';TU#[6)OW6$\

W_)O76U&P-86S8:OZ5Y
M1%V:WY^?LY/FU*+SZ*V)`]*WCB#]6+6)`[-!Z4@7A_;GX4P-YINIP6Q
#=_2

M
WL!?:A$S4^E



9J5)R&G:V^V;NS
8A+A&WND37;(33
M_!'-WE;Y(YA6CL9/X)DY9AFS!]3B=5E*C$;4XGY8]XP?TP25HX9P?PQ(U@Y


MS(9LS!^RL7+(QFS(QFS(QOPA&RN';
R&;

E1)
MH[N?7K*D0^TSY8-DX_U


1M5)WKV?[/1%Q+
6&)@AC;SMX





M1#-S]

(OB!Q,
M-<TL2QQ+^6&R(XSFERB:C26NO4TT[S]0UA+L:$)HKISQSZE[+S3<FNM$N;B





MJI_Z
]/
M
/KS


E=C#6MT?=1F#ZRM66@+B8C;8C:CL&MZW05L'#$Q&R$Q
M&Q$Q?P3$RB$2LR$2LR$2\X=(K!PB
1LB
1LB
7^(Q
HA$K
A$K



M8;)R1
EL!
ELQ
C\$2(KAVS
AFS
AFS

C&;




1L1

MD:;9D*;519IF0YI6%QV:#1WVMJI_B
[\(3JKB\S



-JDMR:#4FYH6(OL-[5<
KRZ^-*Z

%J5(:;3D=^VL)'%M+%E\H+^STV;KJF76FRFI?:#[.C^;E9?@



M)6ICR8EX0U3O$

V#S/(%A]



M?*B_:;
MU

*;T1W\.XF$#LQ0OBV]NJ2PIB
M:39:?Z(G?DC=%:7R)F-P%E=@F0V8F1UT;K9T'IOJ\:+L,T?PK:ZJ-ALJ-C\
M(5GSAV2M[G.P(5*KBTC-ADC-'XHT&XKL;=5X)3]S*/E9;2V\;BRY4/LLR5G

J'V6E*B-)2?Z?C8BT2/_*)+^78!&)+WQ8.=[


$Z*X4&YI`=SMW


MBJ_KT&V]M@J_Q]#K8O

MU

GIKF0U

(U4M*U`V5G.A]-NK1^PB5

MA


7U:.

S[V].N_X;.A7J'KT;F@IUMUU:='8,XH\8TA]#8Z$N@V:G(
FYZG6Z9':



MY)6!5$LQY

M'2OR?`LA()W)+`9`/(WR%5WI;
23H7
13\5(IX(_L.W]ZA;U63^W!*K5?:9K

WFNIRP?$Y4)71TKM


M4DV6QO&

^ZW8
S
M78+
NDV$

.J1[;B_&LVV-X/6U69]TJZJQ+



#(&/I/+$

KYE((8GIW1(I)#&]8R*%):%:*NIUZ2
M0JB)0E)-O;

E#PI)]?2AA226)=6*2Q+FU02&)Z`4
*2:R;

_'RADD*B351
MR!2%1(9IB@D


ME&.DC!'*


10R$0*24S:X`J58]K[=T/D


M(C(4HKL-D7$/;=S=B




MF:)'#JB[X5PR;VB



G)B^UZG()Z9/44K3B76I
MA:83TZ=3E2&)Z1.JFI43TZ=4-2LGIF^E*K

=$48BNU2)#(;I6BPR%
MZ/HW
A2BZ]_(4(BN?R-#(;K^C8RDTI539%UB=9_X]JS3Q_Q12*RGC_JCD
CT


X4E'



E*'H*B^R5S$.J1Z9
MHF?*D3&!Z@HP

MN/S2V&C4[0-&:=4AJ&R$B4UZVPMX1FQ&:2MT*;;)#'=G.E.I'F=*[Y!E^*1A



5)


ME\A(]Y'R.OE\5%R(=8K+)S%BG=B3&+%.[$7L);-7L=?
WL302O*Y$6/LB5V+
M

0Q$&O=
MT8F
6.N.3F3DKN[H1$;NZ@Y99.2N[I!%1IAUK^

MI\0Z
F(])=:1$6O=RXF
6$^)=60;



]*Y!9&A%[QI$QK!U;R
RAJVGU)$Q=CVECHRTU3V1


S'
VDL=I36.
M

C#%H#QT98]!^-S+&H+U^9(Q!ET&1X4[[GC@&Y*5]3V2T


N2E?61D

HF]`0B8Q/Z



M@PB64*6D5Q`+B)905:1K'K2);G[#7YHH=K87G.8XS^\Q?-Q?\E9!/)#60;
MR3WD




]-I\D`

;B-

M+W-H965T

FBN_4_]K'





MF/O[__SP^@(]?/SYVV_XU_3-9'9V49U/7K_ZU_W7;_7'T/;UJP]_??WV\.G_
M1:
JN8I.+I





7HEM&:T8;1EM&.T9[1@=&1T8G1G4%&



L%@E=:-FJ

J[2A@F/F;X=#)SMQLQTT&(

T-PR'HQ?D;EV==-A#/O7%CI0Z%C00#]XYQ





MH3HA=2MOV%?+#3M&O6EH9Z=K.K6@A8=





GXOP\6JE\723TW/4?&ZK+H69?#:
VNP]%


M$[K

=ZS\XNL6O4`.
M;3IUVYUY:FH2

M7!8



P:G/#P?657TVZ



MRD?(;?:E&_KSCVPEVO3&EXG4I:OJI


M

ULS\]QRC.*(X2!N04`JJ-?.Y'=!E+!W-


G:I;$2M6ESI=82\MZKE
MX+U0C'?*1KSWQKN-BJLCG\V%0GUYF1BB)3W.$S.AB6:3O/]?)BN%ZH1PA8NO
MAGVUW+!CU!M?=MJN1'QVVH72

M/?;/]6C#J

%MH/:)Z

M

EGI!R
)


MKD)O\A%8NO$N1S
LWZ

&D8MHXY1S^B&T8K1
M+:
UHPVC+:
=HSVC`Z
CHQ.C.X.LLJ'05\K*'7Z2]@E&P;0IP
H[9OB%?]MV


M8]+WS


\LIUVYB



S=+=7^;2-!0R

MBM$MHS6C#:
MHQVC/:
#HR.C$Z



%HQ


M
DSM\3J]KC%G!GYS.5N/T&36
6D8=H]X@.V&W
M3QDG7-B;S(+#[?&J4S]A\#G8I5KDH4@W9/^))5V%
I]R[!Z[*OO+V+!WQB

M#*3[):.:&S:
6F[8


MNF&T8G3+:
UHPVC+:
=HS^C`Z



M5M106I=$326WKL]FD3E1_1/O;)5%'1L*6K)5S:AAU#+J&/6
;ABM&-TR6C/:
M
-HRVC':
SHP.C(Z
;HSR(KZR(8D/&ZG*S4RO9E



MAE=/1*--8FK!V3+:
=HS.C`Z




^H1

EHSVC#:
MHQVC
Z
M









E9T1DY@82D;F!$%HF9T;K:*50
MDZR4KY91Q[[ZA(RP:1#Z!I*0EI(&L6;W&Q[$EM&.&^X9';CAD=')-+1RA1.Y
MT@TDG=29&TAD9M\X.W/9

V1_R[9M$Q(?_THR8W?/+2';L7

MD!L^


M/LW


L

6D8=HY[1#:
5HUM&:T8;1EM&


W.ZE-9T



M4X;X?5.&^(53AOB-4X;XE5.&^%%3AOA94X8W);@JP=L27)?@I@2W);@KP7T)


ZI

0A+#
(2@[#$(PQ$L
PA*#
ML
0@+#$(JYD+L-G

028
M&`)

M3HR.S*\



8'M9*[

:@LQR`Z1U\Q&
M'C_4R)&W7X*

E.]N9/$U'_S`M!MX+Q9/.[\1
^5\-;+X

MP@3M/JIR:Q_R(K;%L]5AO:6G?&*@SCF1`[&18L@!XVA88DH%90/#)SQ8JG



12F#S%V@@/==QJ!7'($\0A!G&2
MI_BV]ZRT[E$K2$4

MC##$(`RUA11D!RD2


2PV!##78`8`DP
`2:&`!/#ND\

`2:&
M`!-#@(DAP
008&((


M:V+0FABT)@:MB4%K8M:&+0F!JV)06MBT)H8M8&K36S6F.?;;1^R24_M/'/

MD`;$D`;$D`;$D`;$D`;$D`;$D`;$D`;$D`;$D`;$D`;$D`;$D`;$D`;$D`;$
MD`;$D`::N30(1P

M&.)*WA'7R
+F.

=SL\I$D

822&$))#*&

6

Q
E


M3


M$2-BB!&U18R((4:ZK0M(J*6+`4E%MGE(B._
Y-W:QEMGY.9O1)CT[38X.0

M7%PFI
]6SD




ML#O+W

J=UV%Z5KNO+N.^RUW63FLZ,\IF2NOH3UWK
MT)H8M8&K8E!:V+0FABT)@:MB4%K8M:&+0F!JV)06MBT)H8M8&K8E!:V+0
MFABTULQI'3:1:WC#M%IG;:2ZG=\JTMBN(B)05AB$%8S-[P^RH.+&[+W
`2
MS/70O`J?Z

S@4@,Y?FP%3NK_/$Z1AV;J6,7C%J[<J,.=6QQU+'`=:.FJA?Q
MC,R.,S(U`R


M_@`$@QXM9

\.
S.8F
0Q

_5L8AI;*:2`T/7KMS0P_V@
M./1XHW!#C]!F:&0V0R-3@\#`B&%@NJT;6%CRBP.+]P(WL`CMP(@MAA\(LKMW
M#(SL
#!B38&U!=856%]@-P6V*K#;`EL7V*;`M@6V*[!]@1T*[%A@IP*[L\P)

M:S;49@BU&4)MAE;(=1F+490FV&4)LAU&8(M1E;890FR'49@BU&4)MAE;





0A+#
(2
M@[#$(PQ$L
PA*#L
0@+#$(2PS$H.PQ`L
0A+#
(2@[#$(*QF3MA0C10O
MXEBFV/(2OWC#MR9B$)88A4&88E!6&(0EAB$)09AB4%88A6&(0E!F&)05AB
M$)88A4&88E!6&(0EAB$)09A-7/NEHRE7MAT_;JVV\?/_S^[@%EFMJNAI?Z
MZ;F5P/PX'5=R
LP
@A.#X



G/)TGMBT'HTDVZA
M-3%H30Q:$X/6Q*`U
6A-#%H3@];$H#4Q:!V9N7

M

G&:(=LE`Q%ZJ6VV0ZI1_Z09Y$ASZ0M4HO:(K6((;7('_*(

V$)H8A*:V$)H8A(XL


84H/\
M(37('U*#VB(;B$;R!^R@?PA&Z@M$H`8$H#\(0'('Q(@LO*B$0[/E.*YC$RG
M:E;9

$(']0G_Q!</('P<D?!-?,AX.UI\4W'\%Q-#`GY@F:'8U



MB\NZ.YHIK8E!:V+0FABT)@:MB4%K8M:&+0F!JV)06MBT)H8M8&K8E!:V+0
MFABT)@:MB4%K8M!:LZCUVZ^_W=]_6[S_]O['[S_=?_GU?G[_QQ]?7WUX^.LS
M%O





MS2


MB8


MNE/75B]Y.SMU;9:WM-

MUUF;FWY4?M1`^=3R`P7RHD9Z#XFMY:6.$5LS?L_QD-B:Y97]Q-:

CPD1F9Y
M$3_7F%G%*EOD4_O=+*ZR(9]JK+&R(2]J78R#]DM9@2KIV9

0]
Q(:IWTK'=/4NND9T;YUDG/

\J4^KZ\WW+1=RI?Z5

MY6=2AFW


MR[8
?`^JD?WT^;1\9#]]/C6RGWZ=&EE
W-7(8OI\:F0Q_3HU0K!*'+S/L$F?
MX?J+E9NXD_WT&=0H0_H%:F0_[5J-[*=?H$89TG=3H_FE[Z9&\TO?38UBI^^F
MELW..(^-NY;70S8]XSPUJFN5.K/ZI+I6J3
SZFR5.C.CNE:I
S.J:Y4Z
Z/.
M5JDS

EZ@QF=FO$`M6^-1+VKL

1YVI95



MJ9%:I4$:E19I53JD4^F17F5`!I6)\DQ:GB/RJ')3BIGY*SRA#RKO`O=X2!



MY*)2
EW]Z29R`S*I-%OBHW.Q`S*I-)E(WUH[&)!196*B=6)CRV4[
MJ)AFK:[KR=WDND9JE09I5;I,VJKT2*\R(*/*A$PJ#9.UK<[5#LBH4E$'E=9!
MC=0J#=*J=$BGTB.]RH
*M.&%N+SV4QG5SIC72.U2H.T*AW2J?1(KS(@H\J$
M3H5Y:FT/#52JS1(J](AG4J/]H#
JI
&^[;&_M&JC9


M:9!6I4
ZE1[I509D5)F8L)T*N\]5!=?/QGH;-5*K-$BKTB&=2H_T*@
RJDS(
MI%)1GDK+4R.U2H.T*AW2J?1(KS(@H\K$1.]4Z/7#%&FE
Z0U4JLT2*O2(9U*
MC_0J`S*J3

MW_H'%3^8JO0W4352JS1(J](AG4J/]H#,JI,R*32Y]

M8LB$UW69HC+A95VF5$QX#90I1!/VF$=L#)^=YHF?O04!Z;@6&/+LICPI9&
ME


M:H=7&JD#$]X(9#K



E


_?

$%``&


S
M_WY?BJ3(XEMVG'


;\_?GX^WG
ML='CPTTYGZ]O'F_OGZY=#_OGM_1Q^O+E_NY8G^Y^/!Z?+JZ3Y^/#[07VG[_=


M
S[]O,)-AXD\?[^UMWQM[WYR/#^G6(%(7MGU3]:




#P[91LFL+^6M

D99(1Z0G
]+D-!6.MWE5
M.3L<PCVA:LW7BM!1C24!MF

M#TU4#R


M
;G994G**Z53[I$/R;)8SK+]7!

;XQC=*4Z+H

MGJ^'3DM
LV_HXW`YS])Z4TX*8=DR'FF3;E=[Q6*7!*3%CHDH=$B8Y[5BR#4E

6[J<



MK;CBFX`4@_1

M2MKQ3

1D[N\V@U*Z93[M./.\-8X
MD



MZ9PVZ%-+)T:WUFC$=8A;`BR;FVBWLP%#\\3$NF6_3EDNG8G^F%+28YSO:
MI=,2\^_0;C&6NZMBNYGE^S'?BIQS72MUN


2R



M\

%7_L?MJ/%#XY^D[[KMI/5LIR
LXJXBEK!
MS)I1P\@P:AEUC'I&@T#RIK$Y2%G`L4NGE.)9-N!\4Q:UXH!=9V@84
-:AE'+
MJ&/4
QH$D@.V&2\9\+A*Z)$0DMG*)4F1S#S+?)%OJ*)6&'C-J&%D&+6
.D8]
MHT$@Z0N;(G_3%RZK2E\XEODB*X`JF_?E`7O-J&%D&+6
.D8]HT$@X0LDH=_U

T?ZN\=*S06M?
MEJ2_2WDFG5'D.Y*H%9WA.D/#@!K6
HQ:1AVCGM$@D'3&Y40DM:(3W+!IP?
MZ4:M



M`;EV+/-$7D!&K3#LFE'#R#!J&76

M
FI%7TP-`VI8RS!J&76



M$$@..*L`IWM!*?


MGX]$K3#XFE'#R#!J&76

(3VZQ2?

M

_(0D:D5GN







J.-
M)L'Q+B1J6



M1_&]+$AT'R!&W:OB^;U=($953YCM:]53Y=!:NU&
4GJV#!*+F9+H1O(G^_




MXL^6Y'71\OH2`

/YX]./K__[Z?/K__SI?_Z/'_[U_.GO




G:V_DW?PF].;K4=\_?+VIQ\^/?_K%<86



A`9B4Q$9B(+D97()2=O8'33BD[PE[1*
H/5`P


:&(V
)D8SHX71RNABD!&'P]@3

Y&%
MR$KDDA

:G4YHM1RZACU#
:&(V
)D8SHX71RNABD%&'
M$T*N[CL.9JE16`VHZ(/EO&8KM#DETA+IB/1$!B(CD8G(3&0ALA*YY


4T#FL=UCFL=]C@L-%AD\-FART.

<++$TM@^]VFI<8E42F6H891RZACU#
:&(V
)D8S


MPN7WT$.NVVA-R30[


9D8+HY71

?(\MM$FJJ@/9WVZ:TC#I&?4089=3PH*62SE%1:GYB
M-'-;2T0'.ZLHKI^LJ92NQ
4@*T]FX9F\;W;1
&NW732RM-5U1:B)Z)FBBVC
MCE&O;26#@Y9*`_H*#4_
9JUK;2J2T1[K/'6N:N'XOK)FDHEJ6$;41'(2-UY


M](I:Z5;#(VBO%[U43DK98Z77O%_O1PNG:[K1(:KM7=#T:KUG8$-'1#)?E
MXD:M&!9WO+M_NE.;9
628N;&2V*OKIUJY8*BSN='DXW][?I?\4Y^Z+%KXNV




MQ;`-]P_8AN)(6%

MK9A0%U$V`^FU5
I/!D6I:XV*4EL3MS4S6KCBRNAB*EJ#DEID!K=C7'@Y80CL
MF



M(Z]+QC0JS[9V@=G!M$A7ZEC('


S2^\$BNCBZEH3.V+
M=$L/WBLO1LG(S-3U61[M19*O:N)


MK@_3B3LR


MY$7HA=)G\TEH1
9Q*'67QK\VELI0%]%]
MAK6^D('[1B/KQ2\Q.W-3-:M*VT
M7BNCBZEHCW!)&[S^&=()

M6U



7/SBU9



S-:4L7K


92

74UU=&%U/1FGHAD3HXB51D9C#%ST7M
MCJJU5%JC)B(=38_EF;)-!73G=MQ

VDU9P9K1H

MR.GN109&!O_K^4]


M3/K[EK'LJB))J&--E-+NV#!J&76

LEXE%\F\;CTT
MYCV\([,]MJS%&/J5C2QZQURG4.ZQTV.&QTV.2PV6&+PU:'72RS)HOL9S/I









MT*8ND,Z;J9G-*2*TO*1?V^5FC+DVG&RBBF==^:Z-X[T[W(\J
](F
DU
2J
'



EDMUC'I&`Z.1T<1H9K0P6AE=#++R7IC\WCN37V5%-RQF9'56
M+.F+S9ENR*QSZO8.&QPV.FQRV.RPQ6&KPRZ669
RZ\RZX774E([VTI
9\@0=

M!]EK8(77(FVL8TWC=:NH?;GE4AVCGM'`:&0T


6D8=HY[1P&AD-#&:&2V


MR=:
&D8MHXY1SVA@-#*:&
V
%D:K05:+22(R+4ZR@$=M14M^:R6B/.-4A+%I




MXC875^@BBD




#-C(RF5%'Z'J:*A^P&



H84;;$B2O.C!9N:S5M&5UX





0@G!M_$H)L8;!.#

8@F!L\Y*S076=5U=/B69B?CDO1+)J^%YN)6#(:
K5BFF1@T
M$X-F8M!
#)J)03

M*6Q+G])9?T=?J
F*:56
'EM599!




ME!B
$H-08O!)##J)P28QR
Q9X5)R!M=E3;LT1U@]BPN.B0QB

M$8
X8A!'#.*(01PQB
M9(43F^JZ0F`18(1&FG!EB$$(,0@A!B'$((08A!#


+G54@:3
MU#I

M@ZP[%I=[X8^JPE]@WW@4-RNFFPF)6U5ED$@



MA[ET(3Y.L/



M)L5%UPH0)K5Q'

M1O*ZA1&9_+I&PJRX
!*@N46X.])E:?VPM1GE0E4[RI7?8X.V4


!N`L


M;R5TJ^$ZLG3_&EV76H?8K:ZTCM\7%.L.IUL);1U.\]8+@3*==@5*H+Q.'S]:


T

E0QY7A

B`SEC.]
K!LN9!)



H02AG*4-(90BK#*&5
M(;P:6(B5V;DK-DS;[$!%IV4SV-;L4PK
5@E!JG$X)08E!*#46(02@P^B4$G
M

6V3$Z:2J7V60(G0SADR&$
H11AE#*




N

;@D!I?$X)(87!*#RYP5+B69

;@D!I?$X)(87!*#


H12AG#*
M$%(9PBI#:&4(KP868B4MR

GG-6:)8LX:]JCIF%N0.'RQK1

#)J)03

M@VMB4$T
IHE!-#%XSIG5?/UV=*9YZ[_QH]*V_RJ4I\U3DGM/R5A63BTUE0-;
'#TX.3!V8.+!U</7@I8B)7<(A/[/?U7^BC=)XU0+FYFRBEE2\4R
^

FHE!
M
S%H)@;-.2LT2X;Q5S6'K*30O*4JN6;*?

M#)J)03



MX=7`0JRD&)G8[^J_

890BE#.&4(:0RA%6&T
H07@VT8O'@BB_V&BB?J8Q0YLLI5SA1
MKIN*:8=L*F:MPSJ']0X;'#8Z;'+8[+#%8:O#+I85+B6-\#II_)JY[:0*BTY*
MN6Y6+K
9



MQZ+.BV^=BM^G+WKKEH_DO96RX%C7]M:M:M9;B4$X
?@F!MW$8)L89!.#:V)0


M&'03@VUBD$T


KAHH`;DVU'

M)_L!UYS=F.P'7AU8[(?T6\V$'JX7$8-R;U\$B'&Y/]@



MB=U#9_CQ?MGB/63B`[].G1-4XNNU3@1OU
62\%I=-R9KB#?#NC%9P_#&Q7(]
MCFC2[[

COIW+8





EXYL:@2\8S
M-P9=
IZY/J%+QC


MB7G'$591QB6\0




2=
F8C)?#LNLSKM[(9
O;!L0D4\
;W[UZUTF:.TO#\JZ36F^&A%6\


M''BN\6U/./`B^((G''@1?








MR(S([$861!8W

1$6^D.&/=SNZZ




M[)Q=.S4BM1MI$&G=2(=(YT9Z1'HW


=&]#SXC
KN1!9'5C5P0
MN;B1



1+4@GQ13$I$H)2&]E

M'O%2`M))

NT*HOG$XC-3:;F



O

Q[Z#0G11!$J3HL-W1(/8])F8YRS)M*UH2
M%2+=[GG[J4(MK




MBO




XY#_
N;P](H&0

M*1M9




9$6.4&R9%B8`KX1QA?L;$S9Z=C

A9N;4E!@7/$?(B'G&9UU.S?1FH!@SEM3(.ZZL
M^10QXP%#&MT0#H@O4MHQ&32Z42,9QV!2DK=E'+)[E$CK7$#IUJIPU6`;]O


B`YD`)(:0



I@)1`*B`U

M2V@`67)M=I6Y)ZD.^:ZB16X`(:D&3:*)FB638.-]J@K-
B`YD`)(:04@-I

=?
M`\B(G`WW?
Q8C!G+

R7-IV$J)F74VJ$!UC
S/;;G)KINK&C4Q
M3N#16&7MIQAR+S6@:8%T0'J7T!BRH@$D0U@\@-+

B^7M@D^^)(@
ML0+CBA1(!B2WY,QQRLPW99`*B`UD`9(Z0#TKN$1$&\!T]F$H_8&?9$CS!
MTB)GAP

M_NR\(RURW6PR?S7JQ*_QT$4AAB8)D!1(!B0'4@`I@51`:B`-D!9(!Z1W76T
MS$H].\-9:MD9X`'6%KD.E@UTSE]

MN2.51



M+

1LSYF/&8LQ8$J
8!NQJ*FLWT:F!-$!:(!V0WB4D7LL+N?Y@


MJQEE*9`
2`ZDL
1WE))8V1Y46:
YA1I(`Z0%T@'I74(#P%)QLP4O?2DX&ZZ1
M%KD!4

M21?SQ5K\;C:=EP7K(K@=K[@0^8S7;RIRO&6PFO-;O!H5[HL*S`7-N]0M/3EZ
MH=V8L:=&Y[+HB&+U!E@Z/76'-9NJT9*GT%L@

M2B`5D!I(`Z0%T@'I74*=S2H!X&Q/16#-)ERTY/G_%D@

)


MH=OES9.90QH20F8.)`:2`$F!9$!R(`60$DAEB8H

S;FZIF4?&^&8X
M
C7V9UK2R%Q(YT-


YF&XBO+'FY^[YK[EZ_/SP?KAYW

MFO_(`]COM?G\/P$```#__P
&ULE%S9CENY$7T/D']H]+O4XMTD
M&;8'<R_))$`!$&69[E;;0O3W6I(\GCF[\.MZM;ECU^&(\/3U&GR(/[R*]


OYRWY_N0D]O)P_W'ZY7%[?W=V=[[_LGW?GY?%U








J#%B2
?

M(BI'L!4B


G:[
LMV2_Z(*G:

M`F.FD/F1@)6`DX`G`!

)#7+

13A.N/+C/KAQHVV7RH;F.$LK&0LO`^')/XX$_8#C(L


I^P'6181&+$H`H$^@.^1WY`N.QH
M3A79V;.X;'$
&L

AG&E&9HR&N5E:D1*SB.(5X

M-*X;:*


^F1:Z9?';1A:EP_8Y&]('SZ;NM4W%:QMQ:AD+J523



M\@;!!G$8GIM

5.MFI$(EI+)K*

O/).Z-[?9%4/4;`BMO

T%P?;?!:&#E;XJLUYK`1Z)XB/!?NO'(#;;
#\]*1#EQ(64NXB2QW
MD0D)H



XIPG.Y[KU=Q7L[Z;V%5`:W7\NK\`D)
MH,<B$N4'RY`A#@D0XBG4^#VB[N0MMVU*)2QHZ[;A%LH8B0G)(`
BTA4;K:M

TI&M;F:Q3(9XB7'G==SOMN])6


3<MU%^XJ+&GD+B2:40[+2T&<$ZVB.T32)/+D_1N-/`ONG[C95'S3
MR-PGTE4/2I1-0S3JLB'(IHB?+M

^%A)-
P!<2R58A5B%.(9XB72W
M:EC:@[9HTXB1'`N)BJ







MYK`JPB&29WIS_3:TY_0K=T=YLM%KKR2;K9@G*Z]EUN#74&

$
M.$12P




MJ-*L9;%A


M!?8=19KO?+?`JGB'2(HWO=S'/2

M


WB
M(8I\Z#QN

KKCE9'

]
9/\ZQF=_OIV

&ULC)5=;]L@%(;O)^T_(.YK[,1.TBA.U:3J5FF5IFD?UP3C&-48
MTC3_OL=(













`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`[

M

MSYDY
T/Z=)(U.G!CA589CH(0(ZZ8SH4J

M_;OTJ


7A6#\6;.]Y


M3'

AC;Y!FRUWOG0


M&^JG)%K$4#OSX


/=QI9'BO&$AV29CS[]IMH(($$
G;-Q^_?'CZ

M^_WCQ^]O*
*7;S^__?W[]S__]N[=MP^_?_S\_MO)TY\?O]!O?GOZ^OG]=_K/







7R@8Y=T'H
GEZ;Q(WZ7SH_^=7Z7KW&[<F[T[X_UDR;&H9\W

MUW:8A&`['!3QNIS
6`7FAQ_L+^N`)







M64@\)RP+:?8(TYIA7C-





M(=T/L15MN87533QI%L&*UY
EHAQ1@:A$5&J$36(6D0=HA[1@&A$-%:(5HC
MVB#:(MHAVB.Z0W2/Z`'1(Z(L4]BMPI2$9TK&

ME



;H;IS:+\1I.`:E9R
M$O&R.!$Z18E2D_K0=[(*QU(#J0`4@*I@-1`&B`MD`Y(#V0`,@*9@*R`K(%L
M@&R![(#L@=P!N0?R`.012)8AND6T0+1$A(G-,+,9IC;#W&:8W`RSFV%ZLRB_
MD=)I;R^5_HKEWG@DD\B9!+

TQN
MAMG-
+U9E-]H$M#154X7NX-3I1N4:+T\T3IWL@K'4@.I`!2`JF`U$`:(V0

L4PT$4\1\WQ0/#7FNX%Y
()89X;:A.GR?*6$9
MO?O%([28`5HBRA$5B$I$%:(:48.H1=0AZA$-B$9$4X3B\31/E+3QY=-<CP=


-
$8KS8XJ+(C]^[MBB8YP'

%:/:$`T


7J2[#S8!`&'



M

5WC(LDG0MG%:TOUI$6DR/BRIUCM.181Q&K#%9'8E7!BI-:8[\:
M1&UPM!

=3GJ6E\)6SM/GP*@F?

5IZO`6&6PLLI
2B-5^#U'J3%*@Z@-



;$_]#FAVGNQF%N8CV)2*:+FQZ.K&[H!@XYX[

E@9M5ZF._(J_)ZCU!BE811&L0V.)C]N0Q+O[\`CMQSF-_


M-M&LBR^=YO)@SGDK



F=RYB2@P2AFL3)0SV+N$W[..:HS2(&J#HU5],IVZ\'L.W&.4
M(5B9*#?IW!G#[SG*%$6)TR+/JU+FRGF5=@!&TW*3[E4`VLEQCAW5@(5Z%BB

\GO*\*L=3.:^:;]VA\8S7^HND0K]P5M0D



!5^#WKJ
:^-(C:X&@#@]A]]SEP

MK





MV8E16CIT$ZQRCD:/2=FS8+.P%)6

]F(=C`

MU8@:1VB#E&/:$`T(IH0K1M$6T0;1'M$.T1W2&Z1_2`Z!$1?5
3)#*[59B2


M
;](]OR+8
6KRA)1CJA`5*J$-6(&D0MH@Y1CVA`-*:$*T0K1%M$&T1[1#M
M$=TAND?T@.@1$4T(*P&Q(Z()@4Q).$T(M%-23A
[92DTX1`.R7M-'03DD\
M?769M(LGQ#
5IW.EXN18
(,.A9VWHMS0$M$.:(48FH0E0C:AUB#I$/:(!T8AH0K1M$:T0;1%M$.T

;VJ%PDJ%50JK









=NY.

8H^7QC.O!D+C
S'U7UMY?Y


&VB8T1DAN.+V



$XY2(*N$9IAA\Q*D69MQ`@]%:
M1)WPM$?$I.^],.#0`\89$4W\TC?5\*
&UACM`VBK?!4^[X3!AQZ'\6)Q?)

M7ELC:X;1%O%
M:6`ES+B!-4;;(-H*SR


MBZ




MLC`?JB?51])ELS#0N3
CZ7O7PK'K8%9BM




_NB






M='YR$_W%Q=.D]9VPY];W4=A89;*
*E6FE%&O'9

M1)7B62NL82:.@2V&Z]A

N($&

ML`:CM1BM
M4SQ[A0T8;<1HD^*Y4M@:HVTPVE;QWEL'T6+DVSJA5RODNJS?*N@2]2L
G
M`B%@.




E[

=EQ7TD
M^9:/A3#C&;)46*ZP0F&EPBJ%U0IK%-8JK%-8K[!!8:/)H6M%+96V$9A6X7M
M%+97V)W[A7VH+!'A=&L3K@!-.L4:`F!9HUBJ4F!IHUBJ4F!YHUBJ4F)HU



R7NF)#Z+

99NOAQ+)D3RB&41K
*$L
'(
MD5&.5@6B$E&%J$;4(&H1=8AZ1`.B$=&$:(5HC6B#:(MHAVB/Z`[1/:('1(^(
M:$)`UK);A2D)IPF!ODK*:4*@G9)TFA!HIZ2=)@3:*8FG2'MX@GQS#,D^C-L
M.&8A5KPML%ME18KK!8:7*H75FL4UBJL4UBOL$%AH\(FA:T4ME;81F%;


R3AM





Q(62




M-*AI@=8()::F!EHC%$M-#[1&*)::(FB-4P33233V)Q9M#5B9@\SR;RQ4-9P
M9\Y0,!H8L*-Q`4;#`HQ&!1@-C`:$V`T)

MFK*
_N'=`FG*V\G-1U)5()EY







M@)'L@)'L)$MD9^HV/R0[6^A)9.=@2!C)#AC)SK)(=O-9DD72G3?C
2'=`2/=

+S9MQE$AXP$IYEHLLD/
=
METEXP$AXP$AXEHDND_`L.]YE4IXWXRZ3\H1\BP372;E.1:Z3

MJ9G]D/)LD2U1GH/1K=:QH$92GF
7]OLSL].3Z%T*FQX1$AWP9$A0]:(.%9
M%MW


X2MP6Z=##2I6.1+BVCC_6&F\0L?2!`*Z(WX[Z2,H&1,(&1,(&1H&1
B`D<*`D<(D2Q1FI:JPEPE
RX#

M\ZQ#P9



=*1B


MA4W

'-F8?2VE&/BBI8S
MQZ@/?O*F5'WF='\L?&$'4T6RT0\FBQ@1S/#





MZ

+H-SR^298560%=3#T_K:`6T++[1SQ)7DI
W

/`EA0$CA8$OR0D8R0E\24[`2$[@2]H!1MH!
M7](.









&.]`OQ2+*.A96*)`OQ2+(0C_0)\4B



9+$&$EBC0Q1I(8(TF,D23&2!)C)(DQDL0826*,)#%&
MDA@C28R1),:4)`Y)$H=)DH2+YG$H3QDDD.2A(OF02A)/&221)*DKGDDB2Z
M=3`ER6]_77+%




MQ8R18L9(
6.DF#%2S!@I9HP4






.
D6'&R+#*A@O(L
+N=@%)UXLU
M%Y!TQD@Z8R2=


=SI$'=:

1V2F=8#F5G8W6XB67NQU@?):HQDM2Y(
B<[.78Z!#AR0_D\&KC%85K(CD*]O9TDH4N&


K]Z
8NUL\6:OVAC.
X;KC.$X
M8_C-&&XRAI.





M.0^M*W&&78IT

.+LC!7JQU00Y:<^2@
M



08V&._RK;I7AATUG@/6










'
M6GOXS^KB/F-XKS!^A+08XREKCZ2WNF2X
3*\LG%^I+.U1SI;77+7&+EK[9&H



M;?(*=W=6P]ODM=BT'


12%^ZU#O/\G'9*DNP[Y0XCKOB\Y:SV2


.-T:Q
U6#B][
M@WBY%AR/0.%1:Q#O68/
%=X@LX
UR.Q@#3([6(-
!=X@V6\-DOW6(-EO#9+J



X;OC)%6QL@J8V25
;+*
M&%EEC*0R1E(9(ZF
223WK:8<JGL4XNCT$L5Y\E[P95[SV^[(7

X2AC^
D8;C*&EXSA)&/XR!AY8XR\

M&MQOFYR6)WKP5JU



M3_:\S2@VI5:OVA@N
X;#C.$N8SC+&*XRAJ.
X29C.
D8&66
A#)&/ADCG8R1



E

?+&F/+&(7GC



483C&&3XSADIDM

88J#$&:HR!&F.@QABH
08ZLV6@NJ4Q#?2W




0Z^[#PN
OSY07_]C?1<895Q!G&<


6TO18V7/:?%8W8BZ[B''/87MW5
KXYY)
M&U80=QC#'5Z9T5M!1F^



[%-@GP/[$MC7P+X%]CVP
M'X']#.Q78*RN/)ALE07X.
9RB9%,&]SE!RT<1^
MBMF5YPB-H/E3=D7X!N?+2'PC#$<8PR_&


M6&

MHH%2=;=Z=H8&K!P:
(8&C*$!8VC`&!HPA@:
H0%C:


61A#%D80Q;&D
7
%EEHAV&21=\SN*I;#_OP%\@OHW:RS`F%30_0

M
U54-IQ$9`O3)X^F'%LV6PAV+]8$0+-$6QC!-L8P39&L(T1;&/,\:(M3%B
M;8Q8&R/6QHBU
6)MC%@;(];&B+4Q8CVS)=;:2XNQ+IML2ZP+U
L(/8;GD^VF

M


`S$:%D$@//1(2220X\$Q%*)D'P3$0HF23!




$WAAQ-T;8C1%U8P3=&!.!

M$5AC!-88@35&8(T16&
$UAB!-49@C1%88P36&(&=V1)8;29
@?WMAL']NONP

H0%C
M:

M`41A/2`*8XC&*(PABB,(0ICB,(8HC&*&:VB$+;$']+%&7?8A%%A3M1&$
4


MN(`^/C0VG$1H2^7?W9L8Q5H0B7:OVAC1-D:PC1%L8P3;&
$V]B8P8FWEB+4Q
M8FV


M^'+?6U:RVC3&-K\D]Z0:^]M&O9YV=!P;&U

NV6E_M/$B[:15.F_!




6_*9O^2-P4N
6.
MO#%&WA@C;XR1-\;(&V/DC3'RQAAY8XR\



MO&(
6`O`GL9


MD\*6YI9?V;BI%VO-X29K#C=5QG6C__:X_5

49?V;;CO0Q5^P%QJ&6C8!EJ
M@7K0HKOQ]

WA'ZN*

?UI!TL4*
MX@]C^

K
WHKR.B-
?K&#T=+^K0PCP.M:S8%W749?Q^\AANK,^#7Y=B^]PH
M;'?;D[L7\+RJOC#FL






'JM+N_FB4DKS



8[ID6'58.7QC#%X4MBPXKR.-,?CXLRA

M%-9FCNLK;77L%S_

M6V#?`_L1V



M6K?



5-_\8Q;J'C&&(XQAE^

483C&&3XSA$F-XQ!@.
4:2&-)C)$DQD@28R2),9+$&$EBC0Q1I(8
M(TEFM@16O\5B8

M@35&8(T16&

MX7C(@4PV1L`+VST;8E_6F$JUBR(2Z#4;0P+&D(`Q)&`

41A#%$80Q0SVXOBN.P5_%84

M=I[:N;SM;-N1V)9W[P)[W]C4WH?&[G;!QZE8Z_938)\#^Q+8U\^[=DBVTI

MX.0J9-(*WOY=C;E
.V5$

MB



AF-C:DO^(J)[(F#I8M12V_77E



M*



FG__H?_^NOO_[SR;_\
MY[_\MW_ZWW_]^__\Z_%?__JO__$/__W?_M__X1)U.'!+9#+\P[__]3_^^1_E

O(E\^B\7(S;E.9
36HSK9SOAJN,6P7AM5PV$*0(U!.+YZ=O,$SA'[BNH#?
M;#.XVW3IOMDF<K<]I+/4WJ/M)$)'CW0*L8;D:+Q$

MAK38NMDNG3Y&+;IN.*1`:*5ULUU*O9[66#?;%=5M6FO=;%=6MVG-=;-=8=VF



Z*0[(1A[/FD&0C/&?%*-D(SUDQ

M$\F&'
[21+*AB;-R.MF0REEZ23:D






MVK%7Q+CM??))5S?R5=_C#8=TIGS=]WC#(=GXRN_QAD.R\;7?XPV'9/LD&X=D

MR8:SCZ@^VOCP[1'51QL?P#VB^FCC0[C*P&CC@[A'5!]M?!CWB.JC37^:47%/
M5PC]D47%/=GTQQ85OV33GTY4_))-?T)1&9%L#/L@6U+]$_[T)N
K7PU9-MOU
M%TR);;3IKY$ROFC37Q:EOVA[I/

M2I_)IK^I*7TFVY?#U34S4WFF9_'+5]GX.Z:IWC?9&'NR

HR//?-#^<+/HEWB
M/-]?RL8AV5[)QB'9&+:N`3R0YFTR/O95.60;^^*'JS1G$0?-9]'V2.?
M(9W+8]DX)-L3V3@DVU/9.3;,]DX)-MSV3@D&XNZ\W:'O3PIM60+`]#HR].4
MBXV3Y.Y,_0N[BXW.KA3!/)M?ZO?:99K-J:??7='VB\):0U:/KZS=
B);C?&

)\@['=+8/GV]6CM'Z8K-RC-:7FY5CM+[:




(R6%&R#%:&1U6QA&MC`$KQVAE%%@Y1BOCP
H9
M)RMBY:YUMB%6[EIGVQ?9OF8;:ZK;.R/!#\KR].Y_)#M9[9MXN&0ZB$I[G9G
MVR8KU)SJ,3'PA$V






M)!N2NE&)-LF*S(DV4@.GCK)-I+C0AF2ZI$A%\J09-OR'9.Z%E)IL6X!O

5I?;E:.T?IJLW*

ME6.TOMFL'*/UX6;E&*V/-BO':'V\63E&ZY/-RC%:GVY6CM'Z;+-R3-:O
G)(

+ZC;1W:*YMSH7#NE<WLG&(=GX77_B

MMDGDECF$P6E?



M%^L].1RTYN


M:I


+;MC[1CT986UV]S$K\?W]6(W[.H
MA3X^;FQ\L1LW9JD;-V9#-V[

9NW)@Q['YYF!KQ^SI+QT?\OLY2(SZ%
MX6[$[VLPO1_Q^QI



M6R6\\E&G!7/IE0\E+6T;D4DE?*UA\A*FKQ5
6L`4J*9BDR9[0X?7_E/KJ_W2
M6AE3U3'MR*[2D*;R0!XJ!W*HG
BI
B&3RHS
*@4I*@NRJ*S(JK(AF\KQ_EO&

*AG)*B
RJDS(
MK%)(733U@BPJ*[*I5*2J[



M4#F14V5)I49F54*4E069%%9D55E0S:5@`25B$25A25`1E4


MD\J

M;I5`@J`)(A)5$C*H92KC,BH,B&S2B%UT=0+LJBLR*92D:JR([M*0QXJ!YN7
M'UK^?2*GRH4\56[D5@DD)H@(E$E(8-*1K+*B(PJ$S*K%%(73;T@B\J*;H5
MJ2H[LJLTY*$2D*`2D:B2D$$E(UEE1$:59E5+JK2KW=VQO.)/%5NY%9)[SC9


<:-%[X&=,2`[63H2;]1X$S*IS,BL4IB
MLB+RHJL*H7RSJ+5G0NRJFS(IE*17:4A3260+6BVB$25A25`1E4

M
S+_CO#57NOCO5H165!5I4-V50JLJLTI*D42M*EHHMR*JR(9M*17:5AC25

M5@EDYHM(E$E(8-*1K+*B$PJ,S+_CO#IHB50I5=5J2S(JK+UBBJ5BNPJ#6DJ
MA;J9HF4S[*J;

JG
R*Q2J6^H6MZP([M*0YI*
M8`YHJVD7^R*T'16A+Q$C-:%9$2

\&AV+*'!






$

M6N)?9WDTV3O9/WK=\


9

MQ_SQB\E*^T'3%M.W%E8:T
2UH#?&=2)-R/QA

M?])TI]*.S!_6Y'!G

MSK?D5]K0U+6AUPQWQUYPTWMFU\_7'S\\/OSS#J\D%/?IQ[5YP4T2X\OVF[8G


Z)7!Y)'+EDUVT@FU3
M0//]I:9@]#=-04(XWQ+7./:CN&]5Q@CDA
IB)1$*B(UD89(2Z0CTA
$-[6O%#[[2V3SVCG%'!J&14
:H9
M-8Q:1AVCGM'`:
%HR6C%:

M.L#+Q(O[+.KLMTIBEA')B11$2B(5D9I(0Z0ETA'IB0Q$%D261%9$UD1.B9P1




FKYW:I%
?^+IFZU4W<U3QEI
JVJQL&^F:I+)N?F


VXXVHG*WSL%\3P$;L+J-Q
'K_I_-A0SWUD0@C`L(POZ7(O\&(PHZ'-)

K+I





MK.$M`F8S0]SK61:UBFB!+W5:T@0R1CFC@E')J&)4

ME8J:FU=E@IQ6+LAI%1;M8Q#A#4S#26[IE.1M43&J&36
6D8=H]XBK
Y)BH-H

T;GCX873*ZE#81LRTW&LCV]?].%T/
MVP)-X=
IH8Q1SJBP:!;
92;1T*%T6A*:BE$M[MTJ3
.H9=0QZBTZ\!N#K8I#

MEGGK

G4EB]9<Y]8UGTG3Y*H75:






5HS6C$X9G3$Z9W3!Z)+1


M+A
7@E[-Q*7+Q&:70C2!O!(G&[_A`V'61Y59V?ZX;AK


MR#
:_F2G&AL6%F'LYW5IQ]%0N'1:$N?*HBKDWCS1U:[HW=B*_CS=!^&F^/

5J+85A'46=WZK3$UYE%
MK]?1.:=XX7SY48G&*Y=.2U*\^EF*80^$GDWM@0R/YX`C0U$DK71_1$A24&:1
MOWF/M0J+O/E&R:BRR$NQ%N2WIC$3WFR\%5\NSIU%7E9[]C6(H9N.+00Y7TOV
MM6*T%D/7D9PR.K/(*^
Y^[I@PTM&5X&O



9LT8N]%BT7P49\O;`YMQ6Y

K
57



M'97NBWJM



T%.ZYQ]7;#6I2#GZTK0)E]A_'^V^AUM/9XIJ]];YGKL5&&9PG*%



MM&2T8K1F=

:D8-HY91QZAG-#!:
%HR6C%:
SIE=



4<GN*]%R3:)FU#!J
M&767LUJ[[0DJP.C!:
EHQ6C=8#F)F%OU]8E\%*\?

C?B3D7-CYG5.IB^

M


ZLA*5Z*)1/`=8!9]-T^MDM<U9!;A



&C9L&75LV#
:V'#!:

VK8L&74L6'/:&##!:
E&ZX8

HL\CJUG%'!J&1?%6O5C!I&+?OJ6*MG
M-#!:L*\E:ZT8K0





&D8MHTZ0F_SVC`9&T9+1BM&
MZP%M?[I/U0F;0+,_]N6]
CM^R:D$D1F]!)`@5;%@RJBSR?-6
&C9L&75L
MV#
:V'#!:
EHQ6@=H#`2+TSD\7-.ZHB$P9L\I:EE0;6/IEY5Y5;+0P4;EHPJ
M-JP9-6S8



N/RU@@KXQ+T7*^5NQK+5I*K;\P


:D8-HY919Q$B)-72
QK8

%HR88K1NO`

RK8L&14
:H9

MV1@GEL%W9ORVSD0.8P)QG%H4A&34D)J&##DE'%J&;4









M;/EX(?U\.DO






/!&
M.IIDCAS

4E9MC`-AC
)6;TP!*
Z1(S/&`)YMXH

1:D^#[;6*^!W))\1DW,5]D-<DQ))H-/M<F
MYAL@V^K;6(^P&J28T@TFSELYJHDA215)?@HGN2J!!_$_-AE7.`[^&)^;[*
M$GP63\P'5)9@&PWJ0!N[8#<-ZD38%--8G9JL#?LFD$=:!)LK4NM9X/&R60
M-TV;0_(FR;!)@:DHTFPX0T2;?0T1][F:MZPA0I1T'
]0Q0T?9+H3R:!-NF
M$`5-@MU3B=EYP_6&35*H`TVO5)HUYH$6Z82L_=&\S:%-ZT.L%\1WC0)MBW
MFR;!WD1$09-@BR):B;!3D6T$$TRAV2N2K`#%%'0;+`1%%'0)-CMB2AH$FSZ


?/RYR
M1;
_$@*]::]?_#[)M2;)L%ODY.)L'9'(DY;('SAO
X$G/F`DMP+$=BCEY@
M8[B2,P)#S!(1R8.&N2^0QO#/P(E&UPW@G*H]G@C)/$G$#!-CC=)#$'4;`$

Z1SL

M+
'AC(BIUHOAC$;$5)/@$$;$5)/@X$7$5)/@_$7$5)/@@$7$5)/@J$O$5)/@
MQ$O$5)/@8$O$5)/@?$O$5)






MWK21*FZ&@HTFF:









.'WW[_AGC?NB3O

+Y#
M\9])^!`2XN]_6





KR0&?IS%

&H9=8QZ1@.C!:
EHQ6C
M-:
-HRVC':
]HP.C(Z

MB0Q$%D261%9$UD0V1+9$=D3V1`Y$CD1.1
XI4:'TI:&*ER%O'&7[M]^__#^
MW_//F`&+ZT6(,\]&-`DCC8BE2=C+
#7^7227;K45QN93ALB+9&.2$]D(++P


C.2E9B




M#XL(UQTN
ZX3PNU]-B&4P2J9^ZN`IG=^CICFP[:.!I)9PVY:1EU
Z'X0NWF3



SBJACJ`[\[$&=C@+4@/;LVR+D*WCI;LG()^M/9+%?_HFVU;4(8V:N\E-
MRYZ[F-`/[&RA[Z
NW6E@+PM!
9)+23BY#&S:K:Q$CQ/J6KS$L&X8;26AWPC=






M4/1U8%]'L8J^3HS.@BZ^=%3=R9HQA[O[!?-56!B\R4Q0!J9Z),FJ&:KAE'+
MJ&/4,QH8+02E(?3EFL;E;A6LIG&&7$O&*\-HZTDC-ZQVC/0^
CISPQ.BL
M$NH0/G%2-S).Z@++KJ^SU;`
5LE
5`44KJ\GXS?96*ZC@?2-AMVTC+J8T*T_



G(S`;82JS2
M6=\WT@1G




M$H?P4JRPSE\7^


[G


M2T85HYI1PZAEU#'J&0V
%HR6C%:
UHPVC+:
=HSVC`Z
CHQ.C

MT%XCZ$_.U`YR[)FZZ+C-[^DLHY6
X(I1S:AAU#+J&/6
!D8+1DM&*T9K1AM&
M6T8[1GM&!T9'1B=&9X5T4-V9EQ54?Q:F@^H9QKZ$J\00=:
W016CFE'#J&74
M

5HS6C#:
MHQVNDF=J=)5A/[4R;=Q('%.;K$PTB73*BBE'-
MJ&'4











HC9



*OEQ+Z6C%;BROST[[6G'##
M:/LB7SN54
?YB?
J%\Q\;@C

M58I5O
:K`E+'&-



M27$O(X\PSQ#^ZT%A








ERNHUT-D==J)_9




*

MJ9XE=TR6MX0J1C6CAE'+J&/4
QH4TK5S1R)6EPU'):K+!A8W:Z5[YMPU0D05

MBHW7=+NLUU@'ZW$_:0;@-W?9I$^'N;4SS31_TZ
-4VWBQ!E5CY.UE&-_GN

NH!05TG8

M^


M/\ERF


\F*D)C9.VC+J`TB'.:%`)

MMTZLXC5$SV@0=/&EZ_W$)N[.V



MYX!IONR4P4KU\.`

M)`*#\J5;*-V9IBUD[$SO/5

AO

M['F]H.AK$&1TEFP728
DVU4_&+O+P)(JEHPJ1C6CAE'+J&/4
QH8+1@M&:T8
MK1EM&&T9[1CM&1T8'1F=&)T54M/?PQ-;W0O/.^YU$QL'\W247Q^$E
GVM&)4
M
VH8M8PZ1CVC@=&T9+1BM&:T8;1EM&.T9[1@=&1T8G162$=U=V^`_&#C^P
M]/8O1A6CFE'#J&74



7V

M10

58-B(='[!;T0K:T
MTR'B[TQ80E=K6PY.JT$9:D;0W64O\]<(2?X
P[R^K:+8GE[%1W(2-=CHX
M!*KG!?.7%Y57JWA#1R4

M9($&2MUE#93MWF
3VS?9'AL-<S41]VB8U%76

L*YBZAK$Y8^&LKW0D%QC.?LF&@H7$T0X%(X:


7H2TR0_!Z+\^J3HHI?S
MHB)7LZ1CA*)@ZDVZ?LPUJYM;C6/=8H7\*IU5R$/]II]Q=BR!^2^D5=.)9PA#
M+-7T)DN*EW-D@H%=QB)+ZF06W)BA;X_2?HE*JNHASIRD_PLN7WAF)0Z
AY
MIFZ&GN1WC:*B5[.DHIZI&T[3&[!UY-QM&$E%KY&[\'S]#%#OBR=TO1O
U``*
M+-R6P7?9U46TB'413WSS1#%R2UR


F$[?^9<%*[YC/?FPM1GZ]SKJH8X<SYN25D7.)W5/@EY+.YUD^S%4







FZQ2BKS_;B%U4U7TL/DQPH

]T

^MX?IW+HD3'#B%M4D]$


MC38RF!K@VT
MC78SF![@QT
=C38R6!G





MHU?DVL-HYIYQL90QE



MPH#2NZD'M]ES&%!Z-_68&JK@IAY30^G=U&-J*'WAJF#EARH4K@J6AN(7K@Z6

/@'-;X$GXF7L.G!4\`8]6LI3YPP2*
!019;.\S5&?
MN5D?O+0`9;-JBG<7SI3J:'4IH+W%*#4EK<6BGLRGTN-UY+
W*L[6)G?W\_F







MS*=3U




=VN3[X

HRL)4\UR
MQ


M8\3'.J=80UF;R@;*QE2V4+:FLH.R


M5*920ZE-I8'2F
=OM\MF_PJ_?'?F#]\#E)VI5&-<?9@_
MB+=0.E










QPA^%Q1C1@X0


%)`







X@QQ%J+&-IUMZIF:P2X


4/(9)@9-F!#D9-`N


MU&$+[4)

G[!U-6:T+1S&*$LW



EM[AI#;\3FA406H$F_2


G.:Q

M?YV$E(0T@SAY(Q4ARV




MD6ZTA'W_BDH.L4$F+;%$+KO%=E;PK%LJQGR4U+D\M*BEW%Q6ZLV8RH65?4


_Q68A\T?-AFNE]E&V(4Z7R]9(-R--E</B
M&X*'8H+D%7I7WBM`VD,90D8',OES\LTIAHEXSMW4W)@T^MBZ'*P@4*GIU<*




MPQY]R^4






M
1H6\U!56IH=8W+M+2PM)F+1TLYN6-C

:6%ILY8.
M%O.B0\9H6



M

N/M\_W)__/3F]O'B\VPW?GH[/

YYINKFRMX^O3ARSTBL&F_

M'X^_6]7ABT4POB)K

M+Q[O[1A`Z+=_3G]_W7\Y?_]X6:X7Z[+:7A=E=7GQ^7`ZFWMK?'EQ]_-T/C[^
MG]



M]./6+AO%SKKUH]%WZ3P^
4WNK/IO5A^ZT

^
6D:&




MBVQ8#E$CN!Z%'YDX6P
EB9O'1:B-TN1XAN0$SW7AF
B$0\A$T&J]5H(
&W:


(M,#'MG5X23./5MO&Y
M0,O(!!3+OLZCQ%<?M**O@=$8T.1+AFWK)FT4N'I*C@+'MJA(YH<759EU:%TZ
M+3'LO3/<+4P[[[;8+K)H/5F!71;YG@:C.C+J8E3ZQM-Y7RW*YR$;FD.@$

M.3`:I3

?R!,+%HNE^Y\2L0/6CW+`FR9M0P:AD91AVCGM'`
M:!1(1FV+L#SJLEI@UW=O;/`SYI6KV\3ZYE\:%3FCQ*B5NC<AE'+R##J&/6

.D8]HX'1*)`
V-9V


:JU7VZ0[D5-SSD2;UB]4&Q//









M9TD.6M8RC#I&/:.!T2B0#/B%TJ]22K_`Y!*PSDN_1V&[-TE.TKZ!F%=0KK
M%38H;)1

QH8C0+)9+Q0^FV4TB^P;!CDI5^B



M;-Q=09*)*B\LHU8(NV'4
C*
.D8]HX'1*)#(A'U#E5;.U_:0R2`K)SV3RV:5

+UE$GG#J&5D&'6




MD*C965WO]GCMEVWPGO/.OC?


%'
M2CO[@0Y+\%DHU@YUN2VWNSV^I&

M[NRG?BS!YXWH!4V#QC1:DVR1SQ[-1Y\HHM6:Y$VD-C/4+D%!A+[-2I+\%DN
M6JU)\'4N6JU)\(4]6JTNU.4*K=;61'Q)CE9KD@:25I7@BW&T6K/!A^-HM2;!
M]^-HM2;!9^)HM2;9(YZ]&@\./$KM4AQ[@%:K4EPL`%:K4EPO@%:K4EPS`%:



M6JV/$

M')[N;AXK1






M+



1K.NBP



P$EJ;



%#D?*DD.!E

M#/7H?C#

M]=J\8V2CAG2=:W[T=+`)2:G\G[W4N'RBTCI,+7?)5)SPBVWX]P?2T%Q1*-







MP1L=5FV3^(C'M\:#(PFLVA8I3B:P:ILDAH2]E=M6C3ZU2G`8@57;;'!*B%7;
M*P3=B.


S(N

MHX@DEC\MN^=BK/XRD02021!(HL`W__[/UR^O_KI[?+I_^/;;WFS_8._5W;?W




FO6S^L$5G9_LGLX.S


T28\V.;+:_IK$.0^Y[H_[.
MZ$

9D9Q(0:0D4A&I




MIY[!4;]9Y+HDM60Q=5)&.CGI%*13DDXUDD/\

HO@#='*6:NPR'2]

M?[





7#]\1QX@#^YYD7'?$V;.3:$*W

8U5WBOC2R*BB@+DIK7I&/L
MN*@@E+-6P:AD5#&J&36
6D8=HY[1P&C%:


!D8K1FM&&T9;

+AA=
KIB=


MUXPVC+:
SAE=
+ID=
7HFM%-@
(8^4$&Q^RYHE@8F;=\2:V:AS)&.:/HH7_
M&NYP1L$P7A%:XIK*%114BWFWFFT8M8PZ1KU%1WXPV*XX=O975FWFK137MOP


M)P]EC')&A2!WEY6

MA5T*\\:Y*V'B@-G!/

YC3JN(RE]-]R;IGKTE20ZYC
MHC/7?3EK%19%-WR4UB^=EE2B8E0S:ABUC#I&/:.!T8K1FM&&T9;1.:

MKAA=
[H)4.AZDQWT[O_)]6/6


8[7#HQ
M'S8HJD0O6JX2PR]58J558C&/'G!K



5NF7^UQ!KL*9
M1=ZKV9RUD%NQPM\G;#5*Q5W+!TEB$B)41LV5;G11T5^P%.5L#VUJQK;44


\;TDZCJ7#IM


^R@:[
Z=EO31A44O]]$E



M0'+.Z


M1C5OIUIFM8))$VD55LO;SU8RJBR:';DU:VW9PH5)(R5=K[:W,C67)K^9YM


[H)C84Q8+*O7@Q
PY;-





M$N0/9Z



+AA=
KIB=

M06$KA:T5ME'85F'GKM0V*7KA1VK;;D(4!89+7\8`)-(TR1F3V_XV&IQU


T5E@]//^=VN(L



-
MHVV`PEXW645O=)YNPC';&+RL7%CF)J
IHXQ1SJA@5#*J&-6
&D8MHXY1SVA@
MM&*T9K1AM`U0V.M1GI(FR=$Q$PLE?RG





M5?.DFVXY.ETD=UI2RX)1R:AB5#-J&+6
`%@^GBHR`5'+TP3JV2_S)$-SAW211

M[FK-`T/O-
3TP'96C-:NX


5ISP0VC;5`P['4_E^#W
MNI)+




5?J\K.0EL!S&][DVX4T:91=Z@EC
J&)5LJV*MFE'#
MJ&5;'6OUC`9&*[:U9JT-HVV`PE[WLPU^KRM9!;Q6WL6ZMV/1(J^+

:H9






M


MC#HNV#



%



JH8U8P:1BVC3I!]=W:`H3WZ
MT4#O5
17@R!_#!M[QFOSVFJAS;MG5'QRY\;)Q?`V
!QZ*5J]RU0
1Q^QET:&
M.8$83JV:5[W
HL`E8T$/%5RP9%0QJADUC%I&G2#WDJAG-`CR73#6WFOCVFIY

MF;R*Y/`D

M4@K@%DY


/7&=33)

M%WRJ29#G@D\U=YM):MSM?!*PZT1Y
LT=*EVE*DJQ.3.V5KR%HG)E_*$F2J
M$Y


G@MCG[3)'@5CG[3)'@CCG[3)'@Q
MCG[3)-A(@S[0IBW83X

87V:!)LG((7-`GV



X6(*36A)S


M#4?E).8@$Y;@D)S$G&?$IR5DYAC35B(W

3F(..6$)SAU*S'DN

)28LUY8@G.&$G/DTN6DQ520I)JDIP



MP1F?\*DV=\%1G_I)L%9GOI)L'YG?I)L$QGOI)L$YG?I)L&)J?I)L'!

MX.1K])M6:YQVC7[3)#CA&O&F27#0-49R38+#K1&)F@0'6B




'W11+SD0B6XLCB?D(!$OPP9#$?`N)?AL


M630^
(8RFF2)/EBJ?8!O;:&E6N_@DUMHJ2;!E[?04DV#WAI9JDAJ16)?CX


1\H9X]MT3=EFK=4DA2






*W##_N+;
MIU]_?ED-_E+-AX.[EZ_^^M-IB(Z?/_W[N_KSB^^_/?R[^?;YE_GGKY\PWI@I
M9<#D0%[@^AV=N+X=WUX/JIZ80R0ZM*-?/:U6D,$A:N'GFM8H:!DD.
M@]MGC;#(`2DLEWKUO.Y0'Y\DY(&5\\3Q%#$Y/X0!OC^F:ZBI:'2TN4S?45.
MPR2G9XW24+3D_B`Z?.ZUBIB&24S7S^ROB
&O/WU[^/<+;+$P/]__^.`V;(._N&AN%^FVT]N

B
R)+(@LB:R(
MK(ELB&R)[(CLB1R('(F\(?*6R#LB[XE4%:


M831E5#-J&+6
.D8]HQFC.:
%HR6C%:
UHPVC+:
=HSVC`Z

WC)ZQ^@]
MHZHRF#'?E3'AE3'CE3'EE3'GE3'IE3'KE3'ME3'OE3'Q53[S639@:VAE@\-N

JH9M0P:AEUC'I&
T9S


MZAG-&

&/&






MFE'#J&74
J8&8!MDBGN^-;PLAWB:#*3?-:




=.30H6N:;!2654S:@)2

%HV5`JA
K1NL

9
\P


M^7BZ8Z*
)\QBTOCC8[XPA2

:8CZ<[^EGC&8Z$V5W9L_R.<5U,
MYWC@K;([AD=83,Z(:QH<LR6'8C7)ZDRL-EG)I';<KY[1+#GZ!NN;I[^7@(O
M.

]952S8\-6+:..
M'7M&

UJPXY*M5HS6F6







M;\IS19O^7J)T'*47E$9QEAQ=X.'U1;GT)P.)O)`PJ7_+9.7X'.,HBP2@82

XH7IT%V*U?
@=%U
M
='C8*92?!+031J]*:-:4'J2TS!J&76
^H!4)V9BE3HQ9[00E#JQ9+1BM
Y0
M/L;NF&FM
_[XF:_;@6&

MQ)S1@AV7C%:

M



S952S8\-6
M+:..'7M&

UJPXY*M5HS6F6

M`6'92!L;/J\F*]%!S;&:9.7%7J1

PR



RD6
MC=






M^P-VNJT

)2M9:2:
D8S1G-&T9+1BM&:T8;1EM&.T9[1@=&QPSE
^@J2NKF
M'V?05YJRF_Q58&GS
68T831E5#-J&+6
.D8]HQFC.:
%HR6C%:
UHPVC+:
=




MYH**%HJCZ4*920M+@ZV$I1;6@HH6BA+K1IE)UN#[82E%O:BA:*%TX.RDQ:


M8_Z(9Y$&S$+EWU]6S[V6'+L%:.UQDZ6C2W$;/BLHL2PU;

M/(M^'



W4@F`0WP
MIH!;7O@9O3*02:LY3L.H59ZJ4S=%LG3*3!KHA;G?!(C7


6)Q/0M2L_

N&^(2\?


M!J8ZM^)HZ^B9&MU$EJ)M(TMV.PZW-\P.D:5PQ\!\Y_)IUN54:YJ+I^'71CE5
MF/N^*&X%1K=%&6LL9NE6
(DH;52G!JL-UD061=-&E
)U!NL--HLLAIM'E
(M


K;5VYT



=6['X?9BICIW


VF@

X
MN5ATE5;GOE&EO0XL.\9ZEBE#S-+I9!I=$ZL#4ZX-H];P[`S6L^N
T=SP7!AL

MLL!)9O%LH[__C:FV5K


MN5DH


M;'-=-
/N)O9J=%
6OJ)9'JVH`

YHQFC-:
%HR6C%:
M
]HPVC+:
=HS.C`Z9BB?V:*F&6\[1NWR)KDMC&C:




MK3C6FJTVC+:


)
M:%#4]HH#Y53

=I+L/-M'L3LF1=\

@UE6$&?7AE$KGA@1N4EUPG#Y

M&G

%/WDTGT]._Z#LJRU509R/S4'*=AUK/5)D9.J4

MWI)M.%H;/5

MM'WT3-$.D:5HQRQ:/LM/U4J+YQCX[4BJE0K+S\3T!J^8J3-Q1&F_.#58;;`F
4PFT


M#+85ICJWXW![

MHL$Z







MY


M9\P[TH3M\IG/DT0_EM!)8CQ^N/-
?3
Q9C1A-&54
VH8M8PZ1GV&\JMSU5LY
M


MOKW&4XW\IU6G[%@S:@(:A%CW]]=W[@%)'JMEQXY1+TA71$9WZ5=2\I%R]2!K
MI$(M+%LH/
-(R0R/[SS*AB5XXE+$;
IF-:

M_HD72@C
E2&5$HI#Q3A8J0K

MI^Q9
VK*8'=7MS=&M)9=.T:]H&Q)4/]&4CY8;A]E#9;?7V5/3N[#GBO-\CB@
M;&2ITKL*9O5C)J`LB6!S3I&O2!C27ADYW=O[/PR[.H+
Z-@U6F?Q_
?3P0
_8!6:NVP):0@];


LEG-

M9HSFC!:
EHQ6C-:
-HRVC':
]HP.C(Z

JLI@KPTV-I@QXY4Q



[$,S$
M
K$,C$
;$,3$
+$,#$D3$D3$D3$D3$D3$D3$D3$D3$D3$
MD3$D3$D3$D3$D2:%4)YY(2)(S-N.[3R!ZCN+]$P
0B%[`48A`*,0B%
M&(1#$(A!J$0@U(02C$(!1B$`HQ(48A$(
0B$&H1#4(A!*,0@%&(0C$(

RM.L4)ZK+:@-


?0'3'HCAAT1PRZ(P;=$8/N/%

]
MANRBE?08LB
&V1&#[(A!=L0@.\T*V;G:S9^2G2_V%+(+
)
=

MB]!=-)

]4EZ&\P%*7



7`2$F&VD`2F0(*5(+

]E(`]`F0XB36H`X/3M_$=!K-)
V
MH%?-KT^4K)U*Z%QA@@PTV5@F2X]&Z%^%8M,5//!BAC-I*]0)C$(DQB$20PJ
M)`85$H,*B4&%D9WI,H08S:3+T$QR)`89$@
FB

MRU`=
8B.&$1'#`HC!H5I5BC
%3'5O3C5)T-U$[[2L==XKA-DAV-OE
Y5N:J-

M#!_\^2J.,:-!\%,/2J=
O*S_SS*V*6/8^^NDS/?4^E]UK
BFCIK9&362-F
MJB.ML

Y$:!(#=BD%OT3?VZ
MNBSN5U!@-),FH,`0[NPE0934*D09PYTN*7_M9:/^6EJ#/BD,]$D,^HRAU04-
MBC=K(-EH)DU`LB'<V0NBJE5J#B&2ZW22V(0=C235B%L':X0MJNGF\(.A?9<
MV![JEWH'`\]R%7L&%4LG(%EBD&SP3:4(Z)/B09_DTD2@R3)%Y(D!DF2+_1'
M#/H+OJE_$!O%@]C(%PHC!H61+Q1&#`HC7\B)&.04?%/_H!V*!^V0+X1#$+1




M=.0+T1&#Z
@7B,&A9$O%$8,B-?R(D8Y$2^D!
QR(E\H1UBT`[Y0CO$H!WR
MA5(02C:MQ*JWN;0G%_0:=Q#Z_T'7U$_SCD8!#
TOX?VO$LV^O1/^$(.44S
MD2+D%




C
M$E#Q\V&#DT.YA0U0O30]%D/%)@:;&JPV6&.PUF=P7J#S0PV-]C8$N#K0RV

]A[@^$+!)YT?(%@0$L*E:6%RA(#OD`P


ML^SMKQ&_5)_

M*7U&/D6[M..EE_218M%
7)%BQ)!BQ)!BQ)!BQ)!BQ)!BQ)!BQ)!BQ)!BQ%R*


/2T@T^
MCC



ME4DP7L0P7
0P6H&E1U
8+
^R%*:/
S!\T4PF#Z-'#(-'#&-'##E'##E'##GG

&+(
&+(L
#2$##/#L_!$BZ:9#@*0CAJ0CAJ0CAJ0CAJ0C

MPG%9IRV+K'./X?Y4UOGG=D76!9AM+P-+F8@Q]S;7@[4S]B$EZN2F0P,!C6Z
ML
`4A



M0V+'E#

W7Q'Y1OX&$F*C8$DAG$
[^^P**SL1QK5P@(*L18N?^U\;





'0\JZXS@/^I4)01[:G&39#FU28@M.4J2!9FCK[I5(ENFAF4F?

M7H8Z)T6T=4Z2:
%)$Z6?79#HN$




M.L+2

\M6&
DR1_K6:%N#<SZ;2M<5)ETZR_$TSDU27J^3%:+JHU_&&&/7E
MW$

F

MV

6BXU=E.$3CDT

M9QC6*]AF/CR&I:P^#&5EB7##B/`1F_M'.%M]A+.5)78-(W:M/@+5ZB-0K2RQ
M:1BQ6;!FO



MMGAPT.](
S%8BYH8K$E-#'_2IN:*1:

CH7=JU5S2M=GG
MF'1_/

MTMT)%'#QY/6P8

M)+BM0H+;*B22O4)BURI4[%J-BEVK4H'J=2HXO=))$XUVM'#V2B=1Z.V5JA[.


5;)II^]

M#A)&#A)'#A)(#A))#A)*#A)+#A)





XW]HR4

8J&$
U#`&:A@#-8R!&L9`#6.@+=8-5
_(FH'^
M]M'1ICQ4ZPPP@O
-/P88L?:EO!'38_5I/7-X8M_*G[-5X6`3JPZ;%*RKKIN8
M

(85Q!B&88QE95]X]FJU81XK
MB7D

MNVP(9LI6!X]@#$

.P

V%7`K@.V#]A-P&X#



M8!@:
`P-&(8&#$

0P(%X]VAVBX2&/-Q
MPS7UN/]^):*PVA%88C
$1A&*(P#%$8AB@
0Q2&(0K#$$6+=:+07?A?$L5X
MV[ZX

0Q6&
MH0JK#U6

#1@]:&!@OW:!
ABRE:'@2P
0Q:&(0O#D(5AR*+%

K


ML?J0SXC-*Q*T8AA:
0RM%*S3RIAQOC*BRN,+`Q#%2,V#PY5%*P9,HP#!$8

'QM&+XV#%\;


MN_8A9Y(#N_8A9Q($N_8A9Y($N_:+G



!QK&(XU#


M^]L-@^-Q]V&Q85#!]K:R8NUMY8AU3R:Z-2L:*&TLGDPXA@8L'QHP#`T8A@8
M0P.&H0'#T(!A:
`P-&`8&C`

4Z#6AWX2]IH&Q'

)6L&!(P#`D8A@0




M*S@W@?O'9KG9F8(X/)J8L]7Z4
G11).G5H9PYH*`
MG7*TI=`HY_<KC;('T2FJ@$M%%:PQ$HHJ6+-3S[+
`1D&/HIF';=Z]#03P&;

0BV&(I58X&QFQC!GGJ1%A6&%T81BR&+&Y@\BB8
V(F2P
0P6&(0*K
M#Q%8/B8+P_!YBW4NU\YX_)YLBA;#IUK1W^@)ZMCD=L-A*N+=COGDW
V:H3






!QKV&W`[@*&8ZTLCC4
QQJ&8PW#
ML8;A6

M)D:PE6&8RC`L91B&
@P[&8:9#



M^06/`&(TSXG1'
1H#F(T!S&:@QC-08SF($9S$*

WYR)BMV4-G[&-]?$!#QR.]7&<[K''

Q2LSAN:-KIN8!XKAWD,PSPC1@1-U\I-<^!X.6]\^6B-.A#]&G4$
M%_/&BW


M8

6*+J:
67DP=GA%[E%::PMAC
M;+DI?%7!)B.CM\*
OF!IZOBBM5@=*C\!
=VO#(3)8URY$6MSD!W--X+CDF
L


#-XP!E^P.'-H-19'6I9IW4C'M=MRYIAW!.K
4;(M`Z-@






M-PQCWC,>

)8/NQB&60S#*H9A%
.PB6&8Q#`L8A@&
8P@
8P@
8P@
8P@
8P@
8P@
M
8P@
8P@
8P@



M.-8P'&L8CC4
QQJ&8PW#L8;A6

MC6-_=_QDS6^KVM;D!
Z')ICCQHPSAL
+MC@OTNR=#XMI)##EJA=*)&`8$C`

(P1&$8
MHC`
41B&*`Q#%W6B4(WW'])%.4.O9L%1G`6`*(P#%$4[-=?JD`54[9&%8:A
MFL512L_5A'P%%Y4
55A^J&//-SUZ9&*PL&C`
#5A]:*!@OS8!LIBR51
@
M\.0A6'(PC!D81BR:+%.%MIF:&0QKY3+_D/G?MNHP/V&X?ZQ\\^UM'FJ2-G
M2I@+5A#O6PMX?\3X



M!=//\S8AUFV:XNLI6[41OC8
7QN&KPV[#AB^MGSXVC!\;1B^-NP^8/C:\N%K



MIV#MES=JOJ9_*&




MQK11L&:UAWJL/M1C91&
80C&ZD


&69;HP5K#RW\
M27O(8VIO[M;FJ#NWC6)B;5W\(Z*Q(_/4P:JE8


M'%7YUQD9T8WY9T
(<,\Z3'.*TA&G58@2O4)T9QD1V5CA0F1CX6;U@:*\1F0SUCAW$=F
M-2YD


0@F$(P3!T8!@Z
(S)
MQC!D8!@J
`P5&
;D81@J
`P1&(8(#$

F@TW+,QDDJW%`K?71N.W#L*0^;
M7WV3E%&ML22_9D^3K$Q2K0/'[YX/J[JN5LI0JSY%;HS<


G

MX/B4)''
=

CXU.2Q.W$

MFAOI






M.;UT1#Q$3J\:$0^1TRM'LDORD5X]PN^1T_M&S^1TWM'S^1H]S1*4E:@U'N

'$
^U!C3YR^_Z!R*8[T'0B52QSF6LEFR9Z8:R6;)0YS
MK62SQ&&NE6R6.
RUDLT2A[E6LEGB

\?G8Y@C
Z?OA
AFJ4Y]+T0V2YR^
M$R*;)8XQ:
Z*XV

FK

WS?2CW
M']W7G

ML'7-B1Q%I/FXE4(1S9&1PUR:(Z
]
9?FR


MC!SFTAP9.8:M.3)R=/%`?4F:IZD#U9DX3*)Y
-H

'-W0/!@Y
M3*)Y

MGRC5G
6'

DV84?$-15/'+T4U?CR.DW



^9K\61I-7-7AQ)XK9\_`6[E*]'



+&EB
SZPI)&]&%C2Q+Z*)$G<FSB2Q+V+(TG<


MH\C2F^&V

M%



M1$Y:T:.P7-Z(G,$QUH1$D=(;#!TL@R.EC&$5D&`DL:648(2QI9Q@C+:!)+



*398OY&F-;AB`Y8TLHP/EI%$EJ$
*\/(


MP3*.R#(06-+(

MV?W`DD;V9F!)(WL[L*21_3JPI)'=#BQI9
\&EC2RYP-+&MF+@26-[&Y@21/[





$0JJ8[*KJD_ZJ;L

.L-2F?.0PLR:]^$(+9M:CK5@.,^O15N0PLQY?10Y3ZO%5Y#E






M?'0ICB1Q:%=;HI'#S+K&QS%@9FVR10Y;:Y





W*$@HYG1HY0T/'
MR!$*VL*+W#G?;F'L\44T/E6@]6?D7L7]S!QUZJ4'/M7KQ_2NQ.TS1WN\*)FY
M1W'/F:


M^J+[@

=NYC.P\P#Y%YA'F
MS!/






YASB-S`7
1F1W
+C*7








7W
8[,ZS&/*N-+HF\P;Y%YAWF/S)9VMK&=
M,YBSR)S#7$1F![.+S7

D\P3Y%Y
MAGF.S`O


M/#(7


M
.\?
&R3\UEZ[\';



M(O




M(&@%$8DJ4DJ`S*H92KC


JI
R*Q2J;IJU0UI*ANRJ72D
MJQR1H\H).:F
R*@R(9/*C

R804E15I*ATYJ9R17261B+)K

I)51F12=06M+:(
M1)6$#H9R2HC
JG
R.SRCKN`@W5-%:2H+

MR&#O`.U



M

M






DX\LHXAZE
8YE5//<P-9S;VYJH7D\)%4@








M6@HV$FJ9(/?.]$R:=ZZ78HEV6##)USQM66396&E;R$WR19B0PHFP.A=:*JFX

&Z7%PK97/-
.8W/:8LQQQ''BDA`I8.(86A6@HV



%W


M'M1W9^)A`O%+=/(V*Z*66&QZX9HQN;Q^@


M?!8+YE+XR1M;+E9)%KK#3M;'79Q8%4ZPGW&K]6P2]&.E5TYGEQBO=EQ_/5X3
MCK=9Q^$


M3Y9QL%9DGFUH

7`Y8NL9!#WA_9@)

NM8K
M#GOP8F#P


M7/&MUJOP5JX8.+R;)=/#K:4;#K%6V6\6%J/5YR!FG^4BI58X+@*53)`;I.\W




$\24QI2DJZF&

E$REY*8]$EM
M*F
HU'2^3I)L31+&6Q$2:92L!\E9H67
MAU$K/02THZW\`?+=(9*&99E#(Y
M*&8IE)02%+

MI12@F+Y6EV4JH4?
@GYC-=RN![.VE42HH8I&H




%J
MC8*+







M`P!02P




MF\_G1K3%X0KG?F-Q42IL^3#KZNR%9TX]1[`^41T?N:UO_8!:;\]5G`3+O3



MLPT@8SJC`
I:HO



013*^X`H

M2X.
:ARTFB16=D-3B$:!#$2!+2



(Z]?K@I6K\[


T(D@.:PLI75!XRB8CD.T=+T9J


=F@KEEL
M-#5E)'L6&_NU











##KN7T--5_D/'!U\W9I(K/?PF]%])GK;BP^SI/COLD




*J155?AH/<$/1)7M;+ND:`7;7HD`]5*V
9JI)M
MCT15['H4:+3[WTL./9)'@I0
PV3JRS#'L$-(143($5V+D1NM4/PN;'`8(G!
MH



M!CL

MACL

M!CL
]@*(


2\6-?D[&


M=L0D?74K1M`_7.O[

OE[;K

3X^G&G:@RN[UU7GO


P-:++]/K:WT:
MKWM?;C=)&DH1);[W7`WCQUK%^E[Y
HQ=\P^2A$Z%22*=!%YU$I%LXBA)L_^3


MM-
A3*$P:T2&$)FQ^0.2XFG6U.:/)I`3@T*37(LJM]#^*7MJ3;1?14W@-2
MR)((I%
3HR1


(08E@!M*NI
M-??^%,?%*+^SVR70!NE1SE;_P:.L.50+1FDMJ7.+PWC4I3K.:2@&5(I8(:)


M


K.L/J#

&JP/VPNRHDC$F)W&8\
MP=R
P73

MKG.TD)PB?&7E=.O*D^_31J`1TB





!YKD&Q8B

V$(7?

M9H?RE#]-O^?U]-?GGW]Z?^K+_4^SYN)CGJGZ;[ICD_S.?U9I\?LWI6GO.3
MOK(KJV/6Z%^KUWE]KO)LV]YT/



AYO;@:+G^_G]7$=Z?MP6VH&9]DF5
M[YZFGZ('E=Q


J#_B3]_\FQ
#F@K6??

M?35;QJO;NQ^)LG11;H8H\2R^6T6KFQ\8RZV+HG_^C['H?=!.B_[918FN=C2W
@^=.V(9SHA(TTO2]B(A

M2


M14-XTTI8!1P

9\B6Y$O'
).Y3NP]PV$@88#$4`D$.63T($IE2
.


@3`@'(@`(H$HGX0.

.(4R`


MTPPSPH$((/**R
J_*_2OK7DY2)_C8G
9VCCZC.-4NF(-%4WO1SH#-M;@CO7W





MBA9W29J
M2D)?2AVJF%14B`


MHEM;(

KF<C=W%JOYK+H<FJ?Z


.I^6[FJU6Y[+^C+G%OSV
M

T0H+_KZKU3_CWKCLU[VM9/O]67M%&
MGE@&'IOFE:GF3PQA\)*
3H8




=$1(3$A2$I(1DA.2*&2)4(QQ@/9)/%`-?TT'DQ_
MB(=T(QC)%*&U'IYP5)&#(D)B0A)4D(R0G)I5HOJ\MOJ
69.J9&
6A9'Z[
3XQ;+@KT'K*
MOR!#\\6?L9RL\3'FW]D;JXM');FZA)4D(R0G)!)9J7K*&PN3EPPT_!C$/7





4LKJI;_1]



MC

0BL

E9MDZ!EQJIM$KSM8M76G$V6/5P5AA9P'L=5FV31)P


[C_#P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`B\B2%A($```R#0``&0``
M`'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970U-YX;6R45]N.FT@0?8^T_X!X#]!<;&S9






Q;9[V



M%(
+7942%T$@$K3H1/]8S),L0X,KTH'099!#-EA$L
()1N
*+7F%*UJA
MBK8U%XW%1IJ$@D(Y)UB/U#1DBD%+EU2DLJ.A='4,?3N;=C$G#P(_8F^K'U
M04IR




MST@'C0-KG+YDC`IH(CUGK1_/=`B8JY6I%IT0*MP[A$@`=4+


GD

N6#0+=6^F


MQ





1AMD]1_AB+1`;0?0%#-;590@X3Q%07I$QZP.-,SYC61)=I-S=+QOT:
M$EU`#FM('$XLQ50B9D*6Y4HF(I@=C

;)
]*


MAAUH9G@
FX)O#?MBX3)/Q.:Z&7)+A(Z$SA[@RA%X;UWI$KHA=LW?
EFQ
M`VL:A:@X=7;R\G2*NK=C#V^''4!_VH1[DG%OA%9\4ZAAI5P-/NP:ITT^\6
M6O2V78]PS#;OS4\T@SZ(/``7`JAQX69@.G9S_\``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(






M;1UIVR4%GVM;^;WM6/6O()$AE`CB#T'@.00AOD
;_Z)&+,A!CRG&/XR).%G
MH@1#%'C***$3^.%B^1D_X+Q?%'C**///1YD/4193%-_YJ-7[%._OU'69;M-


B

MYR]U#7N3$B#[!Y


M`S$&$@EP]2]DX1!/_4.G

D1E!4LQ@(
)`C($$`ZD
M:(O/OTI-A5I6+([^]'@*DJ(3`Q$&8@PD&$@50-.YTG3VQU-95SYJKLN)X*D






!)E(J8KH-GB+0C964RLBHH
A&^CD[0=6T#?2

I-&#GRQ(K+%??-
LCI^.


2LQD%1%=+6\R3U1*WH?Y/W_GGFE0_;J#@0CD8'$!I(8




OPOM_@
``/__`P!02P

KV,4Z3<K1
MYY]^.[R.?MV=SOOCV\.XF,S&H]W;]OBX?WM^&/_GW^9N/1Z=+YNWQ\WK\6WW
M,/Y]=Q[_].6O?_G\XWCZ=G[9[2XCM\+;^6'\<KF\?YI.S]N7W6%SGAS?=V]N
MY.EX.FPN[J^GY^GY_;3;/+:3#J_3^6RVG!XV^[=Q6.'3Z98UCD]/^^U.';??
M#[NW2UCDM'O=7%S\YY?]^[E;[;]9;G#YO3M^_O=]GAX=TM\W;_N+[^WBXY'






M2:)`HX$8()82'K?W+1$WN6N+8&ONW[U!H:%&%8V;V&%H-*#10`P02PF/VUN4


M!HBEA



MA





-\_K]4$`T$`/$4L+BKH8=MAV^ZK!1U4?9`%%`



.2WID%8SN2H^


6S;RN

&@T$`/$4L+C]BXGNI#;IW0K!Q.D

U(L^8)

M()82'K=WWX]OIT4P9W$[P?4.*AIW1WPQN





M9!.-G6[/ME)R`*B`9B@%A*^$8-GPR6-YT
HHIN%)P
0*.!&6$A[W\
E@
D-'Z[DN&7CI3SX]NV'9YXY);C^T3W3
M+G.G!&C;444S[\X-/A71917(=2+MC34CMT4X<;/Q&1@6&W9MNS\C\UPS)PN:
M:SA9\#92;^MET%%<Y5$@48#
4`L)3SNS

T:#\89(FM
OY/$FN'


4`L)3SNC)/3II1U\KXHPR%YU?EV%V63
M2*9(5!KLY!J(`6(IX2D

M&2LF7:8=EE8

%&@W$`+&4\+B]LXFX



.@T4`
M$$L)CWO8AM=9&Y8]-:IHW)TQAV(0M[^3H1/\$]$XL9AHV[;Z80'Q&SX;N!

X$(;O



M
#Q7<@2J[UY7'O?]!/'Q
MW[P


M

*$PB#1!X-




D3AB5L4+Y<+LC

3NINF$X(X;U1
Z7B*!4*[PH51
M
5&7.18LR(XAJ#*&[!8
L=%V#$%\R;+A&((JS;C-%[(M\R]X,`7MU49\3`J
MIG8VZ



0SK)N=+)0#H\(LF=Q&=[/83-


M^0-#9'
\U0CY79GY^F)N^8F6:=7=M$#.6=6HL$`+SPR1#2]=&G2WDXPN#49E


G1Z_C1XRJ12)B



^+/CJNZF_DNZ*1D5
M

:I%.!*;;6J&[G8243B


M[G;R40Z



M+ZKNTUO)I_\!``#__P










MF:D.X\5J\)3Y`05F[%7ZH;26'V-F
+((2K0?:;00ZLQ41^M%..W'/?.CSZN2


Q(3H@TQ+MN/?8-1H50?5@BPQAV/`
$PT:X)XI[YLLD
M1&H2GDA&(Q1ZDHB094P['Q+%3Z


HE.
-DN1)31?::$VW'S&8Q?N_!7DE`(1=5F

MB

M`B-L[0A%@8GAK+


.\BM6L+M**H;

%V%

M
]^/6
D




^3P'OZ5)25.RF1*VVDB^FPHY09'RX7)'I.7:




'G%;+D%A#CE#3I<^5<ZR4NOE1JRT_Y+PCU(P?RD)_JYV+AIL;

M\#TC?NCJJWXK]EQW\-I0_WN$]\$E7/'@^N![A[KN^@]J?`]OF)_^!P``__\#


O


MUY
#H.?YI)EXOSX?[WMTMWVS^?U+I_)KO]P<YM/GC3GX^'

DBR?GV4-'IF5

_GI)MD3RL
59DARU+38454#)%!4;(`+.Q8S9

;!:^KA4#HXA4[9$


M2%3[1^)AQ

M-R

M%O1VLDHV[

6.%9ZNPL31_SFCBF;DD&D

;

$_4^FG7&4](KHU8=D
I


=%G(O.




M
L+L[`*8(EDV8HDI_QF+GF2JG7$*NV-/G-9V'%\RST;L^2'SC%K6E`A_P\7A
M/.\TOP162)Z-6/I1RJI'+8)3.L+CSS%F\[P#?
WD&;6H';C.Q_8N0F:YQE

QVM4D(JSNMH(7:%P#WAA!MC'R);



T*:N

MMFK4`E]4



M[MXX;XL0;RNW





MC[-M;*@U5P36::I60'V)1EA353%N67$LHZ])D(MFT_!^T:(W;;%/8ECJH([
M7E'4;BY(+FJ%D\N%Y#C+_=\F;YOK0!'P@^QY!JUP(^[C?=@D\DG;M2J.-^



M/^A.'O]TX^G_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`T)9Z@$('``#E(```&0``


M=CZMOC;]T':7K1?X&V_57';=OKT\;[V__WK\D'NK8:PO^_K479JM][T9O(\/


M
JMSKN[+\^7KJ^?3J+N;T%<[\S<

M!OW3-F\#^GLU'+NW7_IV_UM[:83;XC[)._#4=2]2^F4O0^+BM77UH[H#?_2K
M?7.H7T_CG]W;KTW[?!S%[4[D);ON)#*)?U?G5O:`*+W^IGZ_M?OQN/6BU$^R

MMB2BBNJ&(IXD9!&B:K0(Y4TF1R0HUM/S(8=R*:9E$TEB%2_JD%`B17O)A+


2+N


U'\6-
#0`8;-=Q

A7O)3(K'*&U2B@LY`-F.'9_

M@2

7D!9

&G`BS)/+Y

9?9N;?4




M%Q)S1'H#
1LAK`CHFA1A%(BC40&]NO$A&U7`+@=!

M;#U7C-?64Z]:_'%DG;\=@DB/)


M]\!4#A'6VY$CK8W'F.YCS[3AWZ7LE$=[K?0,2Z53VA+'Z?E(A/%)[D&#




M2#DBCFB97`GN7&

8N2X-H)K^*VG\D;?A9'

MW)/

A3M$J]S


M1A*&[Q



MY?!4'DY[$6V1)YF!K^?S;U*:/4DD&D^A==QEH+V
GO;/VV]OMW^=OZ?[P\OK





M[


*2`VD

0-!&0&$ABB)J1'0PXOU!FFNAY
M
@=2].0O=J_0I@)2`VF`M#:A\9;EJ15OOO`ZJGPEU2?;@Z][S3W*&R`AD`A(

2`ZD
$1Z
M90]3&J-V60&I@31`6IO02
MRS8HT='!5SMD=7)1(=

!


)#%$QH6?


?=4YAY,(2`PD,:3KX3-^LIH:NPY0
M!B0'4A@BO2X6L+TOC4[K8#40!H@K4UHW&5!9

M1U.(B`QD,20KH\'_*@P-78=E@Q(#J0P1'IU'7;24!JS=EH!J8$T0%J;D%B[
MK,;D?;RSLUJ3[T]ZC;4_`1(B8#$0!)#9'3^[B0K-6H=K`Q(#J0P1%YCZ$C*




T-T;8A8O/].#QY:8
M5U8!3K

MANTTP2F=RROF#9`02`0D!I(`28%D0'(@!9`22&6(C)0C7D5C6]B:.;^7[]9
MU!U/
]E\UQ+!0O[U3:2&?&FR6!F.L[*%=:9UKW&6DR`A$`B(#&0!$@*)`.2
M`RF`E$`J0[K
X&L?-1&P):


9`$2`HD`Y(#*840I#9!1=L0RP#E43

M)`.2`RF`E$`J0V38?'A#K29V

B`YD`)(:3JB?K`P%EZ?*&MB4\(LY&

J&\-U7=3Q_WE9;_9O[U=1[OSMY/X
M*L(5[XD:JKYQ7#L/XA
C


M^6SUR_\!``#__P

M`C?MK[Y^_/O/KZO.7ZIII_/P^NU??[I




OP<Z'5C+K^\QEUK1GE?OB3H[W1E'(_

`U99F`-B6O&M6)@*T:V8F@KQK9B<M&
MMV)X97^OJ2R]?ROE$&I5JX_51/._E(3.@WO`K$JN<GR/YBH4Q]D`%*#-!#
MD!'(&&0




M#%)51!9HC6'5HQ7C6C&P%2-;
;058ULQN!6C6S&\51+?)-/E-K^4Z0YGF=ZB




M1Y1:`'VB`5&MZ
P[O
M`IE
VT.6[CUOE02M=8S0@%:UHIM+T*[?7&7SUA3;?W)@;OM?&EA[6^`.4FQ@




MOV[TW+I^:5?VN'R\O#P&);!I_NO:&X+]J!V\[8IR4)TMYN^\7;KF=NT:
MW%XJS2JL!$0#HIJH(1H2C8C&1!.B*=&
:$ZT(%H2K8C61!NB+=&.:$]T(#H2


L=.G'E%?
MT:
=`0P*K%9F:HVBR'588*
&RLSN8FB2&Y:8+,FRLSN86B2&Y98MEYKKV
MZ#;-%[L_NMRR;,Q*`[HEVA'MB0Y$QP2ER?'$89'[\`&6BI;=RC^6^H^X^_)6
ME@-]+W8?WR/B'*@5O;DHO;HUK0:CQY3K6S%'ZI6:I6MY2.ULA;';''RHA:G










M6M&SO=^\J
6M:EGO=T1[1

D

M^D0#HIJH(1H2C8C&1!.B*=&
:$ZT(%H2K8C61!NB+=&.:$]T(#H2G8C.1/)9

MGL6.[=.%[XN#;


:B4XZJP/




=&$:$HT(YHG*)VI/_G@PKT&

P(TW;FJ@A&A*-B
9$$X^B%V.G:B6GZJ&G

W5EZ3#VZOI)Z#-WO7F4OU<XH-D]0



MLI90$=FH,ICHHE'R8S[8=QJGS/E&67F4KGVIV=17
=KD3MF5HZIYY9^'ON


W[4HBAVQ&L(`V^5/

M;M3*'E8
%3W;B9%UXE).#V^RJ(]5QI0GBNPA^-2CY./.&/'
&HLG-'L-;:[R


VK-U?'28CI3[F:O-%/^)C#^()V\ZNER.KVCRR]P
13'P*-H

M#'0B^A[%KXD2U8IL9]=0:ZA6M@L:$8T]DA/@T(N)BL43W7;_P?HZH]@\%4OG
M



7[KAZPN7$\7Q/V;+XK/H.J$\T(*J)

9



#&!38I


R+*H[U%T?#P@JHD::@UI-2(:$TVH-:75C&A.M*#6DE8KHC71
MAEI;6NV(]D0':AUI=2(Z)RC-#W?^I_DAWQH7%I#V7##-CW!6:/G1S;\,OG??
M6D79T/<H/1S/O\-CX*W21_SY)RGJLE9V'-^P$\.R8[:XCZP3EZ?^U_DW?HVI
M/&:OJBQF3463V@VEGE9*[-:L!/+LF
VXI5UXO)@&M\!LJ;RAFC[HL9VUIB-
M^#9__V-?ULI&?&`GCF7';


MJ#6DU8AH3#2AUI16
Z(YT8):2UJMB-9$&VIM:;4CVA
=J'6DU8GHG*`T&^(#








MWBJZP@V(:J*&\D-:C8C&1!-J36DU(YH3+:BUI-6*:$VTH=:65CNB/=&!6D=:

#HIJH\2C2&M)J
M1#0FFE!K2JL9T9QH0:TEK59$:Z(-M;:TVA'MB0[4.M+J1'1.4)H?3YQ'R^?'

M]]@LC




=7C9F5RL\]2B8/0UFPQ:5I%?=1*_N]MK6FRH9H:XXV%#R6V)F5


M'D7].E#K2




FO[).N!'?=O

MP2CM
]HG&\E;`5W/K.9[1'VB`5%-U!`-B49$8Z()T91H1C0G6A`MB59$:Z(-

M:9=&/LW^^!E0Z9J0WX\5G@UU/;.+4(^H[U'R15/YGXP8F)'M)5KUZ%LP&EH-
MB49$8Z()T91H1C0G6A`MB59$:Z(-T99H1[0G.A`=B4Y$9R*I$\1#ZH1

O#5F:E
[$F

MHH9H2#0B&A--B*9$




M+A#42R.?UL

MJ57&7HUHB(:*GFUL9(U9EV[S/]PX+FMECUPG:F7]FBIZMA
SZX1[Y-JY?]--


MM_SO+

ORQ!'_D25Y+MC+9-L
MY/F0GB@=



M_2'?M`_L][99@DI#X:$Y6HGBLR`CLU+YL4?R\J@YXH-@$[8X-2TWE-O\N]=F

6MZ;5#L7VRY=/PNSL]]K6GBH'
MHJ
2W;NR#GIO!&OIPBN1O/+A92[,$^-*\Y'.MJQL9,4S8;8?XX47,V^K<
M'&[^8(3)DMYREX=T1UB^XOL#DEA\D5ZJ/^]Y5%'1L46*TL\FT*;*@LTAL5

MK'HYN4


))G/9LLA7)@]
Y@Z^
G5@

M9):@)Y


JA2^4J5@



Y`9
I`9
9@9Y
.RD2,D2

PF:J6
M164N
P4F$P4F\P0]F2;8R2R!R22!R1Q!3Z8(=E(V8%(V8%(VT).R@9V4#9B4
M#9B4#?2D;&`G90
F90
F90


MF=M@H0W*U$))9A9

-

+JX+[

EL839'

MDPF0_5DUJ`GDP9?F2`PF1_XRI2`
MR8S`5VH73&JW95'_I%A)X4*7RE-,E-^$II@DEIPE?J$$SJL&51_Z3HH=%
M!U\I,S`I,_BZ,B.4,H.WJROD`M1?KAK)S5#-D19XZZ=U`SY$(W;50PU0T;$
MFB$E8AARHE@E[I%[L4K\

]@@YDV(<78
MEM





EFM;[1/

6#'1AD6F#D
P:F$Q:\+45$W_?7*8QF&D3
HN0DTD$
MDSD

J+'$06&TBB[B)=YZ9LMTQ






SLW5D9E:6S


O(
M0BYEU=%YV3KZKBW[C5W0F^UFK[N@
[/JZ
ML'5W9EOW&+LBX=K/779!Q675D
M7+:.C&O+?F






\K)-6S#2.OLQHCK_



?!H$@?

_HXQW-9CX$:5K(\OJ;AVY]

4*SVX@Q
MT5[Q
45B]RA8OTSW3EVX`[3$?1R;[:+/9^\!0PD+LG3^+6*I38ZS;G%-9#F@

M2Y:C*=?SLHQT@X*%E63$&Q0LS!CY!D4:
M_O(Z&0`'!0LKERYPBNMPF)=
5SK%=5S

BG2.


MI;6JM!1EJ4I;49:JM!8ELDP)QON(2#

MR$&)$5

MJ#0\
-#.1)5#@5EJ<HQHBQ5.4J4XS$E.7J1(68D
M1R\RQ(P


Y




4O#`QEB1FY$SW`HUC/D1BC'J!K?S4L9
MHAK?P$L9HAI?Q4L9HAK?R4L98AI?EHP

8LO34:&F
67)R-#S.+;D9$A9N0&
M&!FB6B8E1DSC^ZN1(6;QI=7($+/X\FIDB-DNC`PQBZ^D1H:8Q5=3(T/
(D/2

@0LQ0V9(A9
M?'TS

MD2%#
D1+DB%#
D2-#!F2(6IDR)`
48L



M/SY]

M*







EY$*G%S'=12Y
;U'$
MY!6Y
%E%$5-1Y

DL5?@=V8&HOAU8WYL**?
M;'_T.OUD/4B?TT\F]#C]9


I;_XP\JS!_


8=97H9`B(M^9KP48W+

MI:



MD:W*#MFI/%/*C-DIC)'YBHU4JLLD(7*$EFJK)5RO&1AQ:/ELHGY*1R1IY5
M+LA%I:0%I;9@A(Q4*J12&2-CE0DR49DB4Y6&5C?:ZC6R5MD@6Y4=LE-Y0IY4




51I:W6BKU\A:98-L

D)%*A8Q5)LA$98I
56;(7*5&




M_8''[P]V!3E#:I4ETJALD)W*'CFJG)&+2O7`(_'KNPJR#.:1N
J2
HW*!MFI

M4M*4ELP0D8J%5*IC)&QR@29J$R1J4K=YPIE8,^X%LA98FL5!JD42GIG5)[
M9X2



M

MA(Q4*J12&2-CE0DR49DB4Y49

2?&!$1[+;WXRIZ7C=)KKTPJ




$%``&``@````A`-K%Y40_




9%?'3?__G\Y^O_O7P[?NGKU]^?CU^
WK]ZN'+QZ^_?OKR^\^O

ML/#E^\^O__CQXZ_5V[??/_[Q\/G#]S=?_WKX`LEO7[]]_O`#_^^WW]]^_^O;

M4P+
7]BG9H*DIL[T93[23!BG5'C9:#43QBD59B]+OHFF@OQ''.T+)SK19)#_
M^%]-=*+)(/\16[Y\-7@;5I9^1=I^^/'AEY^^??WW*ZSS&
;WOS[(76.\$LNR



34:RT7D0%AXAJ&-8!






M:?:\F.?`4(0
LUC

MK.S(R\A&-H?[L@E?V&MK$[5FJ6[:*L+J

AX*
M6K/%H+53K62K4I0[(#9
J%&M9*M5E&QUBIS92?7ES4ZKLF1E/0YLB75CB.QB
M?EFF1-#*$GX;&RZ6?;!G%V^*-KNDH'ZK(LK

M8T
M=8OGC%#/2
6I5M9R*H10PQF*-A%E0]Y&A)FKUHY1Q0UK1@TW;!EUIJ&=



MCVW5C)K4

K+\(HK(N6TS*Z87=3*
M4,4-:T8--VP9=1&%]+.3JHNYR*2*P67@KF((BONF\72MHE:V4U@&U&\;T[F

6L_DQ6

M


)S#A%FZ;3Q%U4&X\2JR+#
M
9U:J]E:X[1L'=89:W;J4L=E4Q]2(=1W=HJ1I:.@S830-J)IVK[O&%6
:K;5
ML%;+J#/(SD[J)6]VH8ZRLXO
U&Z+9;E!G`0U%!
/E'53IZR++_K(C*.X+(N


\_DE;*@]@C_PXPE5++RP
MP5+0



M%LLBVINHEN\AAY;Y4LO/&`QJ6`S+SJI6I0L]8*M9K'T0PML50
'=`X6E6[

M;&H2+K3
EN9=U
I0Q:AF6PUKM8PZ@^SDI8;+)C_
.-1V=L:!F5JFK$@V4G_*
M


7E;(+K*[#=;6X*/8OFZB6I?EV:F]#7]_10\9#FJ(

_HP.C(Z
3HS.B:T0VC

MH-/.=6.0-9QO!'0=F$[EYC
DCE/[SR.312?+'%I\52U/L
5%VLG;L4B=[$TR

M!X/U.1_

M=C!%43/



;AC=
KIC=
_HO4$FT+(]R;-.`]WS(ITCPV^'






M''9OF8WN_W(7M71V49&9J`\;&W7O-FIA%Z5HQZAB5#-J&+6
NHA
C..X4MCW
MW/#`Z
CHQ.C

[@VR87QDZX='R*C`C2RKOC81R5-@0^DZ+=^L
MM4U:*8+!/AHJJM1\JM5K1@VCEE$7D8E@Z!&/

:)S5IJ?(GI[W

;AC=




M&5TSNE&4;-TJ2K;N&-T;9

H)R!9&/4`11Y[HH4XLM37)JJ9VIB.5[=)2YVW
M8U0QJADUC%I&':
K1GM&!T9'1B=&9T;7C&X8W3*Z8W1OD(W@(X=$RW1(I%Y?

:]F^LY,TET\<F#5\^+`*K+\L)W1
M-J+L9'VG6FFN%:-:4;K=-6RK5:UDJU.4941$R`B]9/9LZZ`-DZTCHY.B-*XS
MV[I6K63KAM&MHF3KCFW=JU9ORX;KD0.K^?`*C+<E-
%N:`WJ$4M;$7DZN?7

M6$3VJI[RX\#]'!F=M&'PS7)6_M'6.2GH#*[9S`VCV]10?+/$JS;
.EBL3'=)

6KA=.
=;RO+M



M7UY&A$

N(A/8.(C\!A)1

*S


[13E`ZYJHBR+*E5*]EJ&+6*DJU.




]O;SF9TDS]P9T=%:6:GB)YV

RJL#


M9W1@=&1T8G1F=

AHRVC'J&)4
M

]HP.C(Z

MQ:AFU#!J&76


CHQ.C
X&V5C(
MR466V\_&(IQTF!W961I/IN(Y(50Q7&3W$EK12

ME7:01K:/Z.DG;`Y)2T=V5%NIRCXEK92F]#C-.6G!EHV7G!MD\7KVZ@GG##:.
M@9DXQN.(-.OM):%=1./L0;


;%8K:)6CAK[A=/.O6

MIF
K5XSV$0U3*M/DP&V.C$ZEF3(GSJ:-#9-LLK

RMA0-GY
M__8R(!

M:NFL&L%2$;A'=N7CD;


00
ME





$AQ.`08G`(

T'HX
.OAR!Y]

FO




MW97#]LI@)_=-2HS\;(W\1)V'#8M-F$5PO&:3IMQA-G`MLJRE0$NC5NC5$K

%E
)%/P


MXX)%*WALT%`OPF.!99;@
6+PV-!6DNR2OFT%_PT::AW^(TOP'S'X;VB;YUCZ



J

.#CLZ[.2PL\.N'7;CL%N'W3GL




M&FXLUIL1FN2
S`XS-

HPAP@PIQN


54

9B@Q^#1O6PQ


M.SGL[+!KA]TX[-9A=PZ[=]A[RXKXRYW5C7^XY1;75+P/IR(?@26&P!)#8(DA
ML
006&((+#$$EA@2PR!)8;`$D-@B2&PQ!!88@@L,026&`)+#($EAL`20V)

MQ!!88@@L
026&`)+#($EAL`20V)(;#$$%AB"PQ!)88`INS(K!2O&6!?7;C
M*3^32QSM+2;M*'$E4P

.#&IZ%T`.$$
.4!?(




M(8;L(8;D(7M(GLA2O\@48L@48LB4P//1@.90GI(V)(V)([*'M(@L92/2
M@!BR@!B2(+#

M8D1Z2#VRASP++#O
0FI16Z06
:06V4

M
:0&V4

M+?*!&/*!VB(%B$%JU2@!A2@-HBZL00=6J+J!-#U*DM`DT


M.7.



MT2&U![2`VRA]2@ML@&8L@&LH=L('O(!FJ+!&!![2`RAP0(S%\TL._(
M(YYN!R*@/6V`]K'S.9^0!35[AR&%8(8@AW8T\]N(OY!#=^$D2N&/\NAMEV




E_(UCGU$TY9;#$\CU`NS*$:GEX6JRSZ5CU

M/



-F?%9*6&S8SWDUW@'4_9




:FUN

^[._L@/D


M8N3)$*.YQ
.82(T^&\,PE1IX,,9I+C#P9PC.7&'DRA&<N,?)DN,;F<HUY
M,H1@*G'P_((034.G@PAF$H</!GB

5:[LH0GJG$R&MW)S+\CR?#U*8R/T^&



81U);+VQ(*PCB:TG0UA'
.:4YXZG62<8IRO#4ZT3C
65

-8

X<KDS==8%UR91B^Y(L[/PQ?\L658?B2+ZX

\@P!^_:Q!SD&G-E

PY_)'#R;F
-
YN#)D'XSR4%/AO2;20YZ


;8Y_CRN0-Y]@W/B8;

H/+L6DM:5X#



M^%XC1N#5#/B*(MIX$GQ7$#/USE[PE4!8\R0M)/+=/QX;OO.'?CP)/NR\DF_Z












4CV06R5+?7\7:B;=&K7^&]M8\2*50MV*UJTB5:4AFTI'NDH@



9*HD32&I
M69:R8_UHDJ4B5:4AFTI'NDH@H3*0J9)(JK3'%6+7M8!
E4(-BM:@(E6E(9M*
M1[I*(*$RD*E$P,;A[;S4![7=KA=*2I251JRJ72DJP02*@.9*HFDDT+C-KF







M(3TA2T)6A*P)V1R)61'R)Z0`R%'0DZ$W!-R3A'E4XRMJ4^EBSH8DW;20S$
M:D\MO
S@YO8R:[ON5S!4
E0Q5#/4
-0RU#'4
[1D:
70FJ$-0UN&=@SM&3HP


'E!E0G3B
MF0L#-(Z]C9#2(R,,U]?Q='RKA]/J*B/]N:D(:0EI.D)V3I$3P625JK((/1
MYYK#R43G<$UV-H1L=D1LB?D0
B1D!

M@




]0PU#+4

ML=317G

MH0H\=H@!K.Q#G^J(#6]4N5PW=9@%2+G6BZ8:@5Z



K\TN0X-O&[H=NJ46JQW*$DS:#CV&=BC]
MIW!O
MHH`D5K.9AJ$V*KH7)3?O



J1H5-4O+P


W00*-HZLJV32$5;]PR=!;K8TIYUBT&)9Z_/



]6QK&2#5(D(F8HIKMK5A



RN1BAUG+5!T]$:@F/NMV$K&

6A?.FVYFQF\9

MS]?CT;NL+U=10-I&S68:AMJHZ.:?VWQBZR(OAGNVL@Q0.A+HG^^OLT?@]?

9MF:WY%3/$5;88[.(_(H((F=

DMK06%(+
M6/;DG2W=%$$J&;3+`(4G[^$T[YE5%)!&5[.9AJ$V*KKF/




5(+E'J3[+8B%5;3




M2[:3Q%ZLQ;U.;$PO_0]B.9;L*%!
[/2JQ.YU8@/LY\FBL[.8OJ2FFYY;A?L'




M&X:V#.T8VBM(5W&Z\I=6L;'R-PI8[/4%0R5#%4
U0PU#+4
=0SU#2X96#*T9


[AO8*TNYQZQS_
,\D\<Y)==M(,%KU1C`@J`Z2+



]3D5K(G_Y95N@`ECVZ]6$&S


9E*1BEE=
ML:VU*
;5O`TK;EEQQXI[):6KV*T*&'T)+RVH+P5












I359OSRE`X#/:;BBNF`YB8OE4SLY=A#*G0;YXI5D%+FC39#YAO+



[I=EC$*@F


M!]3W@F8L4!D4!ZB=RRKR7;Z
7%TETNEC
LMFZ%K$HNU&H&![-
A/^VBO$B_:
M[D0LVNX%DL

)^7#M#8B/S+*6U%
M+*:T$RBD-




MVC^\Z9('+
XWQ82@
D#N9?%U



$JUFU8:@-$


M0$*(\AXEIONHH!8[I4971MI


YR$Y

RJ#HGMXD2]F'I
=7$/)5DN
M@U3:G2L#JP.6J#8

N:'4.]





9W$U`+%:FH#]')J

'^YO@AR*I2;#O.(
M
TI)L4N&*H9JAAJ&6H8ZAGJ&E@RM&%HSM&%HR].H3U#!X:.#)T8NF?HK`]


#SXP8.&!Z7AIE`6T1
F595V`6*<L<
M
#


*D@E4
V*#4
M*W8
]4I1ERX+:Z^EB^&KU-%B
MYC'5O?*;$XH@E#35

J6H2H<O

2E
86&E@E8'5!M886&M@G8'U!K8TL)6!K0UL8V!;`]L9V-[`

M
/B?
/B?
/B?
/B?
/B?
/B?
/B?
/B?
/B?
/B?
/B?
/B?
/B?
/B?
/B?
M
/B?
/B?

FC*!P;(NOXQ`K'$@;'$@;'IEB6


M1S5[$/LN!4/./.;ELIP]$P`.;HP(4$#]]FB4OSL0L61R1;



M1#?=4B*8VF






M
/1M-VS2]5?(MY]`5?B@#.GAR75'LS[]U)7E.\QQ





1/E04#8..3*

DG.!OOC[\^N/;G^_N

M8-4GGO]FK@P6A[S



MW$9YUL%'!'.W7YZ9!HS;-L\


MI31WIPDQ@S/14-?F2#Z=(M=6WR[`N..OV%H)QIUXQ4P-QIU[Q0P.^D*N+0;G


A48=\8FYP!GCJ)V+`9'CZ)V+`8GD

+Y&UAY@UWIJ`E6KG&U2ES


[M^%?RP&



_%H-;

_%H-;XN$?BRE'6+X?67-]`Z8U
MF1[

9'DQO,DLP2Y-9@5F9S!K,
MVF0V8#8FLP6S-9G3\&Y^/[1FP#.8L\DL8&UA6BO`%93@BE-I@)3F4P-IC:9
M!DQC
BV8UF0Z
)W)K%#2M5G2#9B-R6S!;$UF!V9O

Y@CF:S&DXA7^L

YFPRUA;F-8*,(7)E&`JDZG!U;3@&E



D,]@SB:S@+6%::T`4YA,:8RF1I
;3(-F



VF05RL#!S
M4(`I3*8$4YM
`Z8QF19
;S)+
$N3Z9'KWLSU$LS29%9@UB:S`;



R+9C.9'KDNC=SO02S-)D5
MF+7);
!L3&8+9FLR.S![DSEB.^+1W(UX`G
RF7LP]R9S!G
VF05RL#!S4(`I
M3*8$4YE
#:8VF09
8S(MF
YDULCUVLSU!LS&9+9@MB:S`[

MI@'3F$P+IC69#DQG
CV8WF268)8FLP*S
AGLV807K-BE!=.;S`K
QF1V8`XF



MBJ1]]^NWRWGRM;ZUI^9Z/TUFB^FDOAZ:Y]/U]7[ZQ^_ZE\UTTG;[Z_/^W%SK




3E8!$@9






MM7`CR9HR'R%KJ[]+EC0M7Z+A&7'D&@9[4JUG(@+0PE(5/%(X2HN)OV8OWF


M9_3*G%I0$1Q(

TA+K
M2QGWQ+73_]!@6;YCIQW4C&IIZ/C#]KX@GW)$%A(FT)$C0)FCM;NH`TNQ_



W8MF^T
MZR!05

M0`P-A.YP*M*:&'.RH`BA


6YD0Z0F4(52&D!20)F:8P$@K2T[M\*.HADBAC



6[3AKI.HR)
M].-&Y.P/UG)&KT)(

MK48-.Y`6?B1;V9*&Q8ZTGI0PD7T
N=E'D'L;84
'TM97)/M

IVYN@4D:1K^ZV39X.OHQ[[&NCA.;ZFZJ\:/JXP1'0$

Y364X$D/

MO6E(S%M9*

#GPX]
'OX/
M``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`BDYB-`P


!!\/^G^`^*]!A
@(4I2-52]JW0GG4[W


TZ`EK/
MPU)\A(-7%2OH(R\.



'

7
T)8J[,N,_'$4<#KVAH:-K'PY=RHCG

MY7$TO`E6WF*L?)R@23H?IY-LE';DLYOR.CJ53X?^67T+LB
816&*%N'PB2;3
MX(+G
4JSX3

MV.PF'EP2L'![LJ??B=BS3GH-K8`R1'






9`ZR






9/*XY$4PF#BUT3*'4IZQYT]
MQ,VCJ_V9M[I$6=0F1/V`[I-#C;:;!Q:EDRR)AD0CHC'1A&A*-.:$RV(ED05


M3Z/
^?V`[FQ_/B`JB8;4&C%J3#0AFE)KQJ@YT8)H2:V*42NBFFA-K0VCMD0[
MHCVU#HPZ$IV(Q







MHZK'M2^NKI^3_[6V0.Y#H-'](NUV=RR5ZW9_7.6.+W7+]R)WC?.K;^EV9;W`
MHB?1#TA:6Z


MMM3:

I


^ZG2)-TX3I

M.R;NB0Y

R0:


=XU&T:QN$







MFE)KIE&F-2=:*#*M);4JC3*M%5&MR+36U-IHE&EMB7:*3&M/K8-&F=:1Z*3(
MM.2[0

MQVZ9V\9M]WJC^ANKZ5/FJT_/EW1ZG1_:H?T)

MQ*4B&[&Z:

WK].RHUG%LZ+4B&WIST=#;=.C;UEUYI[HV

8(1IU
MH



FQ*N5DF;)YA
MBPQ;4J[*A*TRK






5'\C$**GSV+*BGF)=.*1R:0;0OUM.:Q
MGA8]9EKUG%W=65G.KOX
+;6K

MK(DVEM@Q[ZU%J?R.6GNB@R5VR!\M2N5/U)(^@5VD3YHKVC&`M$X3IB/(ND\Y

MJ&3BD&C$Q#'1A(E3HAD3YT0+)BZ)*B:NB&HFKHDV3-P2[9BX)SHP\4AT8J*8

FSHD6U%I2





\.J$\T(J)AD0CHC'1
?/6#'^;V:)T
MMU$2#8E&1&.B=&4:$8T)UH0+8DJHA513;0.2+YUJE=B8U'1)<1O-5N4)NZ(

M*_5Z8/9



MW$\PQ]VEKRG/O'7JJRSJ(D5VJ?L!N6DT=XR;]@\3#RQ*+T1)-0:$8V))D13
MHAG1G&A!M2JB%9$-=$Z(/EM
KAK_YC;CLI[HL-%@QUM
ML([:G2@O#0EG2D-F+`UK%KV+!I4_%

6I%5!.MJ;5A

EJFX&)AZF9J+@:F75CTUL#N(RAG8
M'UE!O8L^:#:\W7K`V6]^Q!EGZOL!Q3U[8H)!I2:\2H
=&$:$JM&:/F1`NB
M);4J1JV(:J(UM3:
VA+MB/;4.C#J2'0B$@.CD&)@SZ)*BH')
A47`U
O4W
Q
M

HU
*4:,;$.=&B4NBBHDKHIJ):Z(-$[=$.R;N
MB0Y

D&ADB3:E
MS*+OIQ1]$6UK2G1[+YN47I[!?46A)5EIB_+BL+4.6:



M$\=$$R9.B69
G!
MF+@DJIBX(JJ9N;:,'%+M&/BGNC`Q/1B8GB9Q12_.Q9


ZX7PJ([

M\]*
Z[*R`%6N*;

52





#$(]&)

H$L]]33FL=Z6O28:=5S=G4'5SF[^@.MU*Z!M?;W

!'7AU9]*FN7LMM
MFMSI6:Z+_*E:VD6!)7M\SZ(Y]A\\BG9M`Z(RHAQ2#1BXIAHPL0IT8R)<Z(%



;$.=&B4NBBHDKHIJ):Z(-$[=$.R;N
MB0Y,/!*=FA^1B'%SZBDF)=



MG!
MF+@DJIBX(JJ9N;:,'%+M&/BGNC`Q/1B8EB9Q12[(Q*BG?)M.)1+67!

$CODYQ:E\@MJ+8DJ2[SD
M*JTL7

M8JD=`Q1J2(G6$0IU9&320FT7
_6=Y%YRK0HU93R6NC*SVW(_L9EM/G]@E]PK
MSK'O7DOSZ;/H!11-N!]0-/Z`J&3BD&C$Q#'1A(E3HAD3YT0+)BZ)*B:NB&HF



M%`.392HN2S'U
C67Y99Z:=633U2^=0=C.0/[`[/4P
KB=S/OW[:_C'*63/X:


M:TE466)NVBM[6'5KBJR)-I;8

ENFD_/[3_*O?1`E3Y1!EI
M$)[)OEAJQ]2E9WQJO$BKQ^(%7AT5





FG5T\75'3SEW.H/I%*W!B;;

*/J)QQ&CQD03HBFU9HR:$RV(EM2J&+4B



19.M-

V^=W`86'QX%%'=20%&/#(A*)@Z)


MRQTM0)5/E)'^\0Z


7%
-&'B
ME&C&Q#G1@HE+HHJ)*Z*:B6NB#1.W1#LF[HD.3#P2G9@H=N:1Z`M3Q;L^+JJN



-B





M'2S1S?SN_NZJ]4KP:!$J?:*.M`GL(FWB6;=?I'.:
!U!5GW*J;$B1\JJW^3^




MJBSQ/\Q\91$J75-G3;2QQ(Z9;RU*Y7?4VA

M2)

MS1W/DIV^1]$
^VYKY;Y3:%^*&15`46)0Z(1$\=$$R9.B69,G!,MF+@DJIBX
M(JJ9N;:


-B$JB(;5&
MC!H338BFU)HQ:DZT(%I2JV+4BJ@F6E-KPZ@MT8YH3ZT#HXY$)Z*BH%CQDHG3
M@D?5+3(5+[3DD3&*3


^&Y1:G\
M@EI+HLH2\Q-?68`JUY19$VTLL6/B6XM2^1VU]D0'2SQ/_.&J]4V'HP6H\HDR

FSHD63%P2

7!-MF+@EVC%Q3W1@XI'HQ$2Q

I6SZ*;3N\)J!]0=
L9$)5$0VJ-&#4FFA!-J35C
MU)QH0;2D5L6H%5%-M*;6AE%;HAW1GEH'1AV)3D3B5A12W.I95$EQ*UFFXN)6

3CXHZK1^0-)`EXCX_
MLA=NDMJ#8E&EM@A/[8HE9]0:THTLT1W.Y._:])ZTW-N`:J\H
R2J++$O/+*



7%%5#-Q3;1A
MXI9HQ\0]T8&)1Z(3$\7E**2XW+.HDN)D

MW?E1SJW^7EUJV?)Y@6H_^11=,L;$)5$PX`B^1&CQD03HBFU9HR:$RV(EM2J
M&+4BJHG6U-HP:DNT(]I3Z\H(]&)2-R*0HI;44EQ*UFFXN)6ZF5J+IL7ZJ55



?/(K&'Q5
M`46)0Z(1$\=$$R9.B69
G!
MF+@DJIBX(JJ9N;:,'%+M&/BGNC`Q/1B8GB

N1E03ZON]5*WNI.EG%O#R51\#O_D6;0I

MO-B1VXITJJG+G;G.)DU]]F?[R0[A,!N;]*W#UM'6[T0%MTP^@&YM^N;]QUO
MGEOOP@UE'S`P.V%[A_NVGO=4J7?-ITP5&3-
;IHM'$ZVJ-T;FL^$Y6VT::*

MKB2URMI(:Z)-0-T%W(:H4

MNN







X=5VLW[=:+GX\*??O;IN35KO

M/NHQJ7P9A$W.BJ;RYU7AV$A/XY^B=(Y2&:5+E*Y1ND6IBA(N#\G&Y5&;&
VX


Z9G:?Z6F'#V$EK













M:



3OG:]O?!IWM8*WW?GL(

%


\D




S1OM=T=P/06+9UTV13FK?/'2_PAZU3J@.5_6:*GY

MX4AGJ%]_A;\X)C;U`9W8U



MC?:P6B%

UIEM-'(B6UW-+X?.2N



M&LD)&LD)&LD)&LD)&LD)&LD)&LD)&LD)&LD)&LD)&LD)&LD)&LD)&LD)&LEI




I/!QW#/D'Y][[Y#(ZN.PICJR&C2R6I_B


MI[CWHI=H/9NV$OW]


MR0D:R0D:R0D:R0D:R0D:R0D:R0D:R0D:R0D:R0D:R0D:R0D:R0G:R6AGHY5&





M&
W_I'8Z1A


&K\N!N#OID2^=S_J3.SRKG&-U^5]^=/^GV

=KZK[X[1_'?UP3&:_ZH^N+C0_%?UP3'Z






M($HLQ?H_0ZV+$@G+``VU\$DD_



M+)BK

M13?E6-Y?/K&



^S
-M0E-)&S`

0VU#$PG[+0VU&TTDVG8)CUG&?E=#;=T32[&MU5`[



M/I(K1%O:1U)!M+-])%QRB(]VN(]L`]I:DD-R2W:0G25[R



M$YMY-A=;6%:`DN.D*,E)\C9DA)26G*!7RY0FZ69)#



&2(S\BSL=C$LAR46[*#[S90PZ6
M%)#DB/D:


M)2?(V9(24EIR@5PLN4)NEF20S)(U9&W)!K*U)(?DENP@.TOVD(
EI(%9Y?2+
MFU62!MC


M%\C%DBOD9DD%J2QAR!?D6=CL8EE.2BW9`?96;*''PI((4E1\C1DA/D;
EH

M/6).#!W90')+]I#DA.DM.0*J2PI:79I6WV!7RY0FZ65)#*$JYOQ&?DV5AL

/!N+33R;BDT]FXG-
M/)N++2PK0(4E1\C1DA/D;$D)*2VY0Z67$W2S)(9LD:LK9D`]E:DD-R2W:0
MG25[R
$2I6ELR03B\Z?T^0PI07-;VP+B
Z=!MK)EN
;S=GC!
F'QC3?#4F^.

2SJ=C4LYG8S+(]Z&!)`2DL.4*.EIP@9TM*2&G)!7*Q
M1'9969)!





&2(S\BR#6AK
M20[)+=E!=I;L(0=+DAAR1%RM(1K)7.M1=KPH/^.8FVM$SV&]L:)Q#O2]G2



YM


.
MEA20PI(CY&C):/ZF9XDW-Q]F&0\]2U@F^XUMC1.(]Z5LZ9TGX\UM;0N(=Z0
MN;)E



Z_
Y0FV\&PIMK1L2@@)

MD(

MII8=04=+3I3)6?(V9(24EIR@5PLN4*NEFPA6TMR2&[)#K*S9`_96W*`'PI
M((4ELIAWF`SF_;6K&QM&22S9`U96[*!;S!(ER+)BPW;7ZJGXI-/9N)S3R;

V2

DAF


MGHPWM[4M(-Z1






E2M/8






M_

OO_S6_`_/O7_XGU]^_8_[[I-_^E\!

M:&5E='


KY/
3
K:VN3-#;
+3)K


MOG[\VT]O_F?ZEZ?#PY

M2%1)P5^_?/E'
=W^4A
'A
M6!WP7SO

MW*6W
GF

M_RGVL$7G

VBR:*:E)FMA%X261%9$]D0




:4ED161-9$-D(+(ELB-R3N2R61*R+71&Z(W!*Y(W)/
MY('((Y$G3T).
:M33@\G]50M?Q[+`W^FGL64O1.CZ62L:

%HR6C%:
UH
MPVA@M&6T8W3.Z(+1):

;AC=
KIC=



=)R2N(3Z3=HDI.&5


M6Q%9$]E0G(%LMD1V1


!D
OMK:-
MK4T/)P?'L2


MUB7'NC*K%NN:T8VA%NN68]V9U1@KJEZ6L3W5;7E[
M6I5Z5[8ZD8D33*/U)

MHSNFLQ1^VZPL_(YCG3.Z:(XOA+]L5A;^BF-=


MKAG=-

MY=#:4L;-QQK,*L6:\MH9ZC%.N=8%V;58ETRNC+48EUSK!NS:K%N&=T9&F/%
M;*#4\-FH]4#AN3P4EO?6TCIL46YHY1E.TDN-NV
Y/I0K$[.I#X\.3I(BZBU


M.6VK[)6A-J[7AIKC1I&[F`YFU6)M#;58.T
MUCG'NCK%NO24(MU9:C%NN98
M-V;58MT::K'N#(VQ8C;*LOJE;#Q\^0/G:]U]*C=\Z036I3GFQ7H:'N;3
'1H^
G@**R2[+


:V
T23._L2-?&!WF
MPFA1S=+=ES;GA%[.GEF+CCP?@:Y/72_-K-/+LJAQ\HV]G



+
QHK:HL;`8?S]/87:B5NQ8L%=DN+\T:JV90:P(+

M:T

M3









Z;
N-U-R.FSOGYBXL
MT(L]O;18TM


5HS6C
M#:.!T9;1CM$YHPM&EXRN&%TSNF%TR^B.T3VC!T:/C)XBLE.VXNV-L6UC,H
M8VWX+0**@=.VUCB*XD
O\\X.E['PJ`0_]%+-PNP].6U;8?%@GME#F7?V4(SY
M7JI9YUQ)2_NQE_/VR
N\L\0W%KK(C[Q4L]3%5@''+J;EX'@DLR
\?O/LFS5P
MG);C5I%.9_FW1^_4+IS

+

KAA=
[IA=

M1AM&`Z
MHUU`L7=E==&YM8H]#.Z=
G\6$UJ:9[-:
5HSVC`:&&T9[0**O4OE
M/5UVTR^=YYVRWUBKC!:&VJ5_J:AL6-8;C?FV\ZH9V?!8



ZWC@



H.:[9<<-H


MW[U.K7=D#$/8CXJTG[50.Y1@UIFE(7DTYV2:WUFU:@;FLS;4PFP8#8;TH9^S
M8WIT:MM

MZA6&O'BY0!N./2C2&VVGIV=Y0W7;+$SP78@3$HY[KMV+W\A3C6?
G^#*W$$O
M%;FNK1BMV7'#:%#D'M;8

M[JAM$
EC$



C7=L]5R;




_M!`GW52^C?9*V
M])+O+4S`V4I7GB

6=M5@$[C89E4UE

MW$Z5H7JF5G/IY.RLU9TR;+J[`W:-1G53U6VSYXF5R*[X5#8K/P;V4J24+]3.
M7627BO8\5&56]F03OJN2]X/6:N-K#VYOL$A0MAUIWNO:FI6T=WAZ-L]+F%UH


=L$Q=J]4
MU;V



M&`V*9GAQQGA:3_*$L746%GL7`D4]GBGRRD*







MF@X$2M8#D;&6MA\@JQJ
:4JG8:D93=8R3^UY?\54O[^:Y);*
RX1U-+U-**
M85@B6,2P1&!#CQQ=@$A$06$'L+\_2IHH(9\CZF\_?IE#?(2872@*4H*4'^;

MX$PI5YCO.*71B3-
#%W6



M4O]NYQED\7&2+*7HZ\HBU6216\DOJRT200YCJ(_!-#I\D7G2:&3I
O.DH
M'?6^J:.E3NMV5`NX.-(%ALUV[#G1GII^4-(-8)SFXHO3O%R8YIV':9V))0E:






C6WT75QU=ICB@:A3]\/S2=IMQ#BI

MF`J

M&N1UK'X7



MD'%B2#@QY)L8TDT



J1:L[H#JR[1-UX2JI


R2:&7!-#JHDAT\20:&+(
S&DF1BR3`Q)

0A'#

)J_$P?9JYEI`MF)079J`K(+[(?Y7<=
M0_9J9DU`=F*0G9J`[

SY*6



M.KN-
=RS;D.3?;=FYWQW'79NS
6[
.9\+SOL*K*D9EHGU=


WD)
K_TN,6R!4UA5P1
M0ZXT[HN]1_I\T<3O3GT+V'..W!([6^J93:LF3ISCJREDFSCD(W8#'#'3:
M(HWW!F,GEK6]/(_DB+\20%XJ')%`\$V^$)H8A*9X4)7B03GOFY0K:Y:N



TW[O=IQ]FBZ.9ED&E=^'6:N8A04ZU9``87BE


M4%9`+@M[QW99)N!*E[(C
'P:8ZJ6



8E(\B$EV$)

2FA@O-IH4/\E7MK%GD:T^S*85E
M&=--H:QO4@H-^LJE]YBW?1G1ER[*4+JX3N577R#TH9[N!$9%.8NQ#A'B%=
MU;<U,<MWRYM:F:R(5L:#N7Q\X



U6J!:!PM;/A
M`(6U89SSP]B*YF+;$0O89SKI-YVOA#(JJ=-8M$O*99Y(::16YJN-!LND(B

ML]7.^HK


M#`ENAM8P


MM8GL49O(WFO:1.Y2FQ-\$2==BY!+WV9

_/\FDZSED%4
W
M#BK,`Q#TPJJ$H.HY`M-B4%3\H6DQ*`H^4)08A4?*$G



M
O[*($2O?[?8$-W'2:*7
MU5]7=%D6)M$%AA_FZU=KG2P06.S+V^905*Q<[Z0E!@DI7@0D1A$)%^(2`PB



MD7PA(S'(2+X0CAB$\[Y)N++PZ`HG*Y)TH@M

MC==J86F!M

M_I&*'2AVEM;2(*/FY)05@S=),A2(B5!8)QMA3F9(+@P&X'@=%+#!*3+R0F








04WS+LKWZSO-O

]16)





MP

2A

D:`S
16B$H.HY`M1B4%4\H6,Q`C^4)&

0CG?9-P93GBA-N[X:!?94_GORQJRJOYVJ6?WAF#\DWLW!H:(@LK
M&^?.]R@5MQ^VMF(@/#]CV-R

MIB?RD

O\P1KRHK$6\K('KQ)
MRI:5D!NN=;XITP(]UFFP/.98IWW^I*::A2)262@BF4%2:=?Y0E%B4%28BP=!


_?+'2FAFNM'D]27Y&K:F:M(E=[6DWI*PNK;OID
MQ972)S5G?R

M^JJ9M8KTO:95I(]:1?IJN';`I_G##4A?-;-6D;X]K:;TE15:-WVR=$OI$Q@6

M@7A!(:[29TMG+)&1144K\?


]T8
MF/!306;0U




M1!9Q8;*IL-6;BPY;-N9FFQZ$J-J
_\UB@U5IJ
J&D)4A9&4(70W6D-#56#M*

56(0E7PQ

#;P2VI)K3X?[P?&MGTQMH&9\?O[


1J4NA`H&H5(7/@6#SKEN83-F59;-




KT).CQYRH

M;LJ_XD[ENP
@6O)M&`0G5@[U^FJ[#R]:U`3P[KD@C6!8/UK6XTY+23GTA&

MUB;9_SVZ:5_$*2;R'--70=$)S;-Q!:



MZNRK@4NOK&M'AU9LZ2
:UCME^2_PM[W6U(L\=&S*]&BPIX[U[#O=_S
5Z8YZ


-FR[]

&B4?!`G&
3-=0MQ

)

A_0!YZY3$QAN1
N.S_N;PL&V+@?2O6=83W=BV
]L=C

M:5'QE=
686

MB\-(U



PJ+4*XF@%(5=!R%7P
MLP._./K`[\Y\+L#?SCPIP-_%;X(&9WDPM&1YG3OJ)V@O,/ZQ[V@J&U8$@M
M&$H+AM"H;-@RP8*@N&R#-6&A\S--OXG+J5QC=PW)PX73`:+QB-%XS&T;C
M!:/Q@M%XP6B\8#1^QDKC8_XS-?[U3C4G3(64!O)T'H.0W659N(H5FX
!R`J
A5+YTKU/E@`Q?J&K9,I#N6WW3EO4MITMO#*-&;]&PQPT;


M








=DKR\@R&JJW`Y!-)!%4S





MA5JQME?H5/=TP5CF638'Z?E@[$_.!XDM76X..EW+E\GA5

MD83P


MB!(



(05#&$%
M0UC!$%8PA!4
805#6


-&PA&+80#%L(ABT$PQ8S5FP1H_E_
MR!8Y_^V:.!B\&P16(K)_4?<^@LMF*=$SH+P;%G`);)!:O=S;G\3G&U7DX
M92O63X%3!


M`O
(AGGD%)BG83Q(8J!XXM


0

^*1Y8P'=D^M

/&[G


M%
-)=@PG&(;[DS/BP?6
IV/==HTEY^S%DK%Z8A\W;5EE6=D/+[)@L;P9:MAJ




^GCDW9/QOL2\?:M5_+Z+/12;Q?


<LW
M)/UJ,&26NL@L&#)+/H05#&'GND786.AR?3SO!XVP4;7LCU7S5Z)5G?I]AN&


@L
M=9%9
&26N@@K&


MOH[UT7\KUKV#_I(._05#_ZUNV%Z_-C\5Z

M


H@DQAB3$&)(08TA7*`)T7U.6'2/
M-:Z7=*\[YYCRF]XL0;KH,6XQ.^=:W:DGOS\HQI-K2]==A!$$PPB803!
()@
M^$`P?`8O8U@V$`P7`8+A,WD,P7`8)A`
V<DSDMXDW

M:[`'@ST:[
E@[PSV;+#W!OM@L(\&^V2PSP;[8KO!OMFL.\&^V&PGP;[M6+%
M`#&#MP;(J?WJ]JL$EVV%BB&LE$-8P1!6,(05#&$%0UC!$%8PA!4,805#6,$0
M5C$%0QA!4-8P1!6
(05#&$%0UC!$';&BK`Q@[?YM2^-O`N1N[$@QA!4-8
MP1!6
(05#&$%0UC!$%8PA!4
805#6


@F$!P;!`8LL&LEZ.T';%NJVPEQK_MX$IY`R80C!,(1BF$`Q3
M(8I!

4@F$*P3#%C!53Q$S\'S)%3MV+*1HX2
$4#5M



0PB&(02CYQ`


D-BT#D(W(1AJX;:
MD@^UI1QJX;:@J&VY$/MAM'/=ILA=P?'PPB]%41P28G@B3%I[AD17#`$%PS!



(*B2WOC'O=O&DOV?1\-;^_*[LBL$D[U[`3-I%S81/!L$D[
TLN#XE$GOY



\5#!68B]3B]=:L4;MD:_\U\X;
M\\DY


MF#3!U:2)+7L(6KGK

M;A]XDTMW1?($ZQM5F4NWRM


MZ&
$X\$D&80#!,(1O\A&80#!
(A@D$PP280+!,,&,%1/$MID@O%@BH#


M:*A@-%0P&BH8#16
A@I&0P6CH3-6&AJK)K:AN9Q2&CJOL9PW2=#0Q*8Q%0UM



M9_&CP9X
]LY@SRM6VA[3L\D8H^TY;UL-$&.^Z`[C?XY&HW;U_]L@)`NNA`CV
MUI2C]5*.U@M&ZQ-C\MZ9H_6T?JY;FE]S%5LZW,24UK?0%K?STA+$UQ;*A@M
M%8R6D9+!:.EB:TM%8R6SG5+2V/0:UN:H^'2T@27)1M*E`5'&I_EUL8GM@Z%

MZ+)0F.R+,&@/FZ?E:[$ICX5KS1L#)/A0NKA6!P(?EHN.2CH7/=TM`8*-F&
MY@BJ-+0-J^9^SBSO\5NXT?9E_M

M:^:[B^/?=O._#ZSOAZ%I*]_/!4USWD)3#+


@S@(-0IC8+O'?C!@1\=^
F!
MGQWXQ8%?'?C-@=\=^


@XBB(.@HBCX+HLX!%H)A*30*]
M-H([[G+N582;)V1=.
$0KF'3`
Y@R3ED$DP9!(,F1);96KEQ@0$3:0ND@B&
M(H(AB&#H(1AR(8:
U;$B`G;)
9X5.1

MGXKU6P

8ZLQ842?FDI



M1#O#_*22SQ(CSE:LLX8X/=^X5[B!.LC?[6:6?Q=`L%YN$2S!J;GHE=AR2\G_


MYW(?-\4LW#?;,5Z571(K+VH*K[@OI$J2(8DBQI2G^$.E(%=1HVM@)PV[0T


:)#C(:-
RUYL$Y/]EVQ37MT=
M^5$'\T!
D(??X$L_O]7KKL_(K6KOK_&.8-S6@N$3P7&8+A`,%P@&+H+AL:
MH;%@JH8@J&@H*AF6#?#/;=8#\




%\8&
M^$!!?*`@/E`0'RB(#Q3$!PKB`P7Q@8+X0$%\H`^6
#5!RR]+#[8^H%S(.?L

H-ARAV%M3[L%@CP9[

MP;X8[*O!OAGLN\%^&.RGP7ZM6)$_9J53-S#DS^GJ^L@[M#GLO/U`L?NC8@@K
M=1%6
(05#&$%0UC!$%8PA!4
805#6


9OO!*-;=




:XP;K4]N%]0;.



:(85$!

M8$U=KAH_O))ZM0AK5]XBYT#=?-!`;L)QV7L^:E4]
LH-CS2LO5ZO.WS?'K7.





MZX8&@N&QH)Q6PN&@H*AH&!H)M@W@WTWV`^#_338KQ4K'H@%ALD#VR3GFL/




-

6R^.0_
M%X
GV_.`S2-Q3#ZYCQ0TQ@:[4(H1Q(:[4(H%T.C70CE8FBT


:2+YXJ-\=^2\5S)F4L9\\1_


RP,9H6SPX;0Z-X=M@8W[K#9WZF?1<Q#DY;OGQW=7/^*JV






_5P
Z:*/M.=#NN@C;0SI]J&1NT[DB?[3QI`G
M^D\;0Y[H/VV


C%XL?M@R-



O+O80
?SB8O%3K.$7%^-\5_B:7R#6
MOHY8/





M+Q'CX&)?(\;!Q;Y%C(.+/4:




M#



M7Y-H@_

E?OBQCZ/L#__KQP

M
_HER_5=Q&B[UX$8YW/C`BB)\9*M]Q@Y\83+R75&WV-S$HM[Q?+R+F(



M


M/42





+\7^'AN#DEACL9Q!2:RQV!C7$OVGC7&)
;:Q
2B)-18;

M:Q?C?


S':#OS

Q_S
?S)?
S'N!;Z'@ZF'R0G?8B/P1G/#A^#
M$N95GC

`_W
2AA'O[;&'T=W_8SO&`C
MYEP^!B_L@?0Q;$0?Z6.TG3$M!W

SSCX



M]N@C;0SIHH^T

2U@1\#%ZBW[4YG_?LM847UW^^CQB\N-B'
MB
&+BWV*&+RX&)1$WVHY@Y+H6VT
7J)OM3$HB;[5QJ`D^E8;@Y?H6VT
7F*L
M8??VPDN
36T

7%'B(&+R[V&#%X



M+

$9KALAR3V?HZ0\`S7


UXV0
MY#JF^R0D/
-U(RX\PW4C).EW-6^;D*3?52
NZ7?5$GZ735DGY78T9(TN^J
M$9?TK6J$)'VK&B%)WZI&7'+]4SONWF6LR`MXOWQ^35DRKM.\;?:9\;P:





)
I92HWX92ZD1
MRHR]U3C=



#K$[-T*2OL!SR!

M2?HS-4*2_DR-N*0_4R

M*&H4
7
H:A0QXS.UN4M^ZTYS7RE^YCLT/YGB9[Y#C3IDOD.-XN?[KD;Q
]^A


MS.VJ4;_

6B.-?7+'(

ML.PNUVDU=I?KM!KURQA%\XPY5







MVN]MFG3FS;DJY7NNDYJV69&JTI!%I2-=92!#944VE8E
E95
N%5?
KLE?TYE

M=)6!#)5)YMG4Q+-KE[15+V*5)6&+H=Z2H#&2HKLJE
9*H4ZE.T/A6I*@U9



U)28


MNM(^)JRB2:SM23!K:!)K$Y;1S`JIDG#NG^T@LD%N:@\(`\JK#Y(KVQ[8^U!
M:FK\H/4U(1U(SD335@Q
RN42GU8-)-SU*0@187U%&EM^PQ+*F:E4#D.ZT]R


5;*)L)2]-0-A




23D3


MLK^?N239W\F7(/I6#](EB+X):2+)\))XD4=!NYB01D&[F)!%0;N8%!:`L.]3

MY_


$%``&




M4Q$S/]QO58+^JOE[;_WM]1?Q_E-7'W^I6P[9ACK)CP+\2*IGXX2@HM#Y^I



MF*%@1C;#(!G*9RA$2N%2$F9NA**%[IV)5J(['[R8]$$Q[QY4Q5--2M13*EO@
M0(&


MJ'Q%`4GOP;8^D#[/)J


M\B.2K'HD69J'3%H=Z41;JDE:^D/D2$=F1FN1368CG0*%!2#I#$;[3+H5[(BF


MF5G`(O2/#/#

[JLW5


M(=G(D=F)LT#FV$H##D*NLYD@])8C03@ST]J%8Q`4R=B$J'K0N9HC\R(@0Z+`
M9O



^Z,`R<AAND++(O0
M'
[M_P$``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A``+]B?

!(K.`K*PJX
.___/X



_[K[Q__NM\__H)/Q^^
M/[S^]V#T_.SQ/BN^/NV?[_[\CM_]GUKS[EYL'_Y!YA\?[I_W+_LOKQ<P=UEU
ME'_S^\OWE[#TZ</G!_P-^QGS[LO'\__J&7;YKOSRT\?#@.T?MC]?`G^/GOY

M?7[VY^[E-7]PNN=G]W^_O.X?-Y50S9NJC#2]$?S7&ZG5+IKUZ]MW_Q\K-]X*



M#FI=_.#^$(VW];*.:^H0+^X/KWKSIEZ*(^OJ2%Q0OP[1R^JB/DP&G;O7NT\?

#_=._$_G#QD(0'!%\#_?*K5


M


G0@J$E0RN&U@QM&-I&4.1_3/NA

B9D

6MUSLX
K%
ANW/%3=1RN8T(Z
MA'0)R0GI$=(GI!D0


SWD;5V2R2ND@1DGM)UD@+VCE

I'M)
L8'J7$]HB0
M







MAFQK)%)J:\S01U-65;



82;6&[7*BP*K0I:(E4EZ5R#R&01*K'4)\5X8&K#AD:
2*8X8FK#AE
M:



MD2SY0^7%\(BMC!F:J&(P2.E4.%4I
3]C6W.&2E54\\UWR5`N5$K
+\56G(K0

`DZP


%PP-6''(T(@5QPQ-6''*
MT

MI+9[;0M33;`0=#STFR2&]'*O)TG




+2-H-C/KB9J7-!U






V
&9JHXHF.3U5*S
_8UIRA4A75_
U5DB\N5$K


+2-%&-'NT*F



!'4DIEQJE)B?B:VL()H[I@F'G.1TC6G



M

=1GJ&!H
MX*%@OA@R-&+%
4
35IPR-&/%.4

M@[M6N
Y=]\$

C1C




4
3@=36E&W-6&HND)HO


J+
MX1%;&3

MZ3'49_



[8R9ZA4Q6A226;XA8J)_:48


QZ(HJU3#

2A(0N9L
MJV3%!4-+MK5B6VM6W#TC11C1[OZJY&Y-JNZ;'33=



A

K1G:


.QY;'K\&7_1OJR?UM4XP2P%AS)4?6D.@BH.OOC

M:8HW



L
M5N_
3;7
8'G.W(S+3`M

DJ'

M
[@Y@4^M`
]T`73-1G<
M3L.GE@YNFN%3BT&QSZU)@G4O.!3BT%-SZUF!485\;@7J_!N-(%

M@](A?&HQJ#IQ:#0B%\:C&H%\*G%H.R(7QJ


MIF

M/&#*W%
9O`8*7,/YAI@6F93!N


M






%TS79/`9!V9E2P=?@&&LK;[A0R^
M


7@6R[$J


MAIVU3:8#IF
R73!=D\&7V)G[
I;[AB^L

_=M+#/X
MK#ISG\@R@WT8
-;6&&`[!HRUQ6!7!HRUQ6#;!8RUQ6K!5P+%H,=%W`M6`PV
MM\`86`SVN,`86`RVNL`86`PVM,`86`SVM4

M%H/-YG`M6`SVG

M]
$_%H/M^A]%H,M^A]%M

+`;;4B(.+`:;3
*G%H-M

[6O*#+:XS=SVILQ@6]O
[7+*#':WS=S.ILQ@
M:^'
;0C+#'88SMR^L
Q@H^'
[07+#/83SMR6L
Q@6^'
[0S+#'87SMQNL
Q@
M`W*
@76'C!W&
086@UW%
086@\W%
086@RW$$3L6TT+?6F;?L#]TUC89;!.=

MXMP/7`L6@X

7@_O$J,7@R#O\4NM)HZYPR^U&)QVE[F#SOCWX(0[C('%X&P[Q*C%


YEE+K?GJ`
M-

$%``&



M2$JDAO5F;^+XF^&0




MT78Q0WEH3X_V?#59KF=SQUW:UDO1M%')QMK6_JUIJ\L_7
D1IKB1N33V'$

6XAQ^!3CW



M\@U:KJZRZU58VC'3`2$A(1$A


MXU!PM24RK-?:+K=ZO':]4I\!A(2$1(3$A2$I(1D*M&`N_5H
@
8)A[+I?K

)9JKN+=45^7N
3QRB2/DJ-S/'2?S





ME`08=00[AVMIUP)'&QP]_4##*2G

M3!KNYM+3A'5?2L!^F:\6],#R1D.:0)1UK4.-H



*9QH/C#&)


M




/\L
D\5&*W1DV/AY0B*:
WJ$
M33Q`077W]LA.L/'P:$\C'*/
3#S!^6:RDVP\/

MC74NCC@T9]W;JIK_4

M_T3W]!\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`ZPJ-^MP\``



MT=

MD1Z1/I$!D2&1$9$QD0F1*9$9D3F1!9&$R)+(BLB:R*9(;I'B:YZ16LHS)KN?

M!B7NO\79M^D.PU;F%@:-=`%BYM8VHPZC+J.848]1G]&`T9#1B-&8T831E-&

MR)#(B
B8R(3(E
B


B0R(C(F
B$R)3(C


HU7(S:
H?6@:E+&)56J8NC.D!LWEA


M-NMEKR*UMBZBO7&$W-YA:BA:[Y#:2K%W9*QPKV^;5P'H
$Y?R!#Z@C3?S;T*
M*.;`'J
^!PX8#3EPQ&C


-DZ@FT%3
M



&(UM8I=QU%7O]YYSVQ[M+.E$5GC.8V
&LG
M]
?DPGJ(=


*






FY'
74T91419O4U9Q61L\)2H)TCIUMP92[W*BSN8P[L

MX(#1D`-'C

I1L3+':.


M.7#`:
B!(T9C#IPPFG+@C-&

EIQX)K1Q@ET
XA5GYI!P_V'@XPY


M7%L/D=XX.FY/



1HS($31E



Q+V2O/OL%#'XO

M1&Q!MY)/^CPU?.OW.7V#Z/$6O@%
]V;Y/(20TD*K&F%;/;?\N09][9!:M0A[
MMCD`TT-D^@E;
$M$IKNP!9-%9+H(6S`E1*:GL`4S0V0Z#%LP042FD[`%-WDD
/.H;%C&*V

;+,%VQPB\S*;+=C+@,QI%FQIB,RK;8[!SH;(O,YFS8H(3_:


DL)C=VAR#;?G(@F;![OS([-WF&.S(1WXT





M





W$A
M52H%HU%EU9J(_#U5M?HL7GZCPJE;Q7KRDVZD&/6HUJM5)K?)
I3$507*@9

@8R`3(%
@
R!S(`L@2R`K

@8R`3(%
@
R![(`L@2R`K(&L@&R!;)+DE3XJ*]FA4_@
M

M?%2WE7JZ:KN1C$J.'I`^D`&0(9`1D'%(Z*5=C361
I32D8=5K:]

R!S(


MM-?+2$AYO0*R!M
;2:I&L/FLL)*A+?0VEE&=RF42A@ZD\&$J17H]$+U?&A



MB_VM


M*XQB^

T\4:^J'/:[1(O1IE.7]YOYKLU-=UW^^KESM:1BJX4G%FYX4?Z\`_?
MN5$KI:^4CD_?W(/+$_UGHL.^4MB1WQT'%_](0:(_GO&RW\```#__P
`4$L#
M!!0`!@`(````(0#^RP-$







M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

M.HX1X#EC4\NFS9-&
0(\-;9/
EQR?_VM[!!
LU82G@!;W_[2?KLK87V]WV:]
MO9`J+?+K_N7[BWY/Y$FQ3//U=3^.QN^^]'NJXOF29T4NKOL/0O6_#G__S9K+


B6N?XX&=VY`9MVY^\<`*?
M!IX[LB,R8C2#RV`LF`


S-#


M)*S-0R$Z)D?C08#GCF^U;76NHQ`:WU`(M2Y`9%%7$;^HA.I8:R+2)8HQ)SN.
M





ME'!HV@LHZ15/

M#:QM4MW
3.X?6YZKU([GB3E:Q^7D7I?Q7:HV32O62E#7:X@^%NJJ[_`RK7@&
MC29)LQ0.X-V02
@M\PI@KW'_:O%.`4
!]!68!E@]2!DAY@Z.1]:
P4ELQN`D


JRXV=O@2
MY[+#
/.@A.^F&8/OIAF#[Z89@Y=D
P8OR68



M_5H(%6O=

M!]84KM1EIH4X&YZOQ?*PYOD+_2_`HOFK8WCYZ?W%QPNXX&\]LP;'/S6&_P
`
M`/__`P!02P


2^+)&?!NZWZ^X(2IKCQ:79.!#`K/=;K1WR5^


M00``$P``````````````````````6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;%!+`0(M














`


M:&5E=#8T+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`PAI
4G0(``)`&```9````````

```K0@``

M`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#$?21KQ`(``/8&```9`````````````````#N4``!X














M970Q











3

MJJ@I`P``XP@``!H`````````````````?]


M970Q

`````````
M````````X-8``'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE

D``'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970S+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(
M````(0GRIT46?8``;F`P`4``````````````````;Q``!X;]S:&%R9613
M=')I;F=S+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#1VCO-.!
``(?C```-````````

M='












M970Q


M:&5E='






C


O





A8
MQS



P+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!V2=E%52
``)RE```9````





M='





M+W-H965T



3

M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A``




M=#
Q+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#38$#Z_@P``&XW```9````````````



M='








M`````````````````






W+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`=]P^`

M



```X&``!D`````````````````K14(`'AL+W=O
M<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970T,2YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`8_3QXTX%``#A

&.```9`````````````````!24


`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        

      






















        
        
        
        
        
        


Extinguishment of Debt
 Amount
        
        
        
        
        


Extinguishment of Debt
 Reacquisition Price
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Senior Unsecured Notes
 Seven Percent
 Due August 2011
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Extinguishment of Debt
 Amount
        
        
        
        
        


Senior Unsecured Notes
 Seven Point Seven Five Percent
 Due May 2013
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Extinguishment of Debt
 Amount
        
        
        
        
        


Senior Secured Notes
 Ten Percent
 Due July 2014
 Including Discounts
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Extinguishment of Debt
 Amount
        
        
        
        
        


Extinguishment of Debt
 Reacquisition Price
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Senior Unsecured Notes
 Seven Point Seven Five Percent
 Due July 2017
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Extinguishment of Debt
 Amount
        
        
        
        
        


Senior Unsecured Notes
 Six Point Six Two Five Percent
 Due August 2022
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Extinguishment of Debt
 Amount
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Extinguishment of Debt
 Amount
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Extinguishment of Debt
 Reacquisition Price
        
        
        
        
        


July 2012 Tender Offer | Senior Unsecured Notes
 Seven Point Seven Five Percent
 Due May 2013
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Extinguishment of Debt
 Amount
        
        
        
        
        


July 2012 Tender Offer | Senior Secured Notes
 Ten Percent
 Due July 2014
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Extinguishment of Debt
 Amount
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Secured Debt | Senior Secured Notes
 Ten Percent
 Due July 2014
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Extinguishment of Debt
 Amount
        
        
        
        
        


Extinguishment of Debt
 Reacquisition Price
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Reacquisition Price
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

DISPOSAL OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS Narrative (Details) (Packaged Meats Segment [Member]
 Portsmouth
 Virginia Plant
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 generally attributable to obsolescence or market conditions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.
              
 -Subsection 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        

      


























        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        

      






















        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


JCT
 LLC
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Related Party Transaction
 Purchases from Related Party
        
        
        
        
        


Related Party Transaction
 Reimbursements Received
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Related Party Transaction
 Purchases from Related Party
        
        
        
        
        


Related Party Transaction
 Reimbursements Received
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Related Party Transaction
 Purchases from Related Party
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 fees and commissions earned from transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiaries; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) an entity and trusts for the benefit of employees
 for example
 but not limited to
 pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; (d) an entity and its principal
 owners
 management
 or members of their immediate families; and (e) affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        

      






























































        
$ 4
092.9
$ 3
702.3
$ 3
814.0
$ 3
422.1
$ 3
894.2
        
$ 3
337.2
$ 3
337.8
$ 3
326.9
$ 15
031.3
$ 13
896.1
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
775.6
1
205.0
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
3
894.2
        
        
        
15
031.3
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
3
543.1
        
        
        
13
255.7
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
775.6
        
        
        
        
        


Selling
 general and administrative expenses
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
13
221.1
5
679.5
8
898.7
13
094.3


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
11
901.4
5
190.1
7
943.5
11
544.9


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
319.7
        
        
1
549.4


Selling
 general and administrative expenses
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 extraordinary items
 and cumulative effects of changes in accounting principles.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after income or loss from equity method investments
 but before income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      






















        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


State income taxes
 net of federal tax benefit
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Nondeductible Expense
 Restructuring Charges
 Percent
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


State income taxes
 net of federal tax benefit
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Nondeductible Expense
 Restructuring Charges
 Percent
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of federal tax expense (benefit).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 domestic tax contingency
 foreign tax contingency
 state and local tax contingency
 and other contingencies.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 research credit
 foreign tax credit
 investment tax credit
 and other tax credits.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


Class of Warrant or Right
 Number of Securities Called by Warrants or Rights
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Senior Unsecured Convertible Notes
 Four Percent
 Due June 2013
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Face Amount
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Option Indexed to Issuer's Equity
 Indexed Shares
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 usually issued together with corporate debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

DERIVATIVES FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS Fair Value
 Gross (Details) (Successor
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified











Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Gross Asset
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability
        
        



          

        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Gross Asset
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability
        
        



          

        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Gross Asset
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability
        
        



          

        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Gross Asset
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability
        
        



          

        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Gross Asset
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability
        
        



          

        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Gross Asset
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability
        
        



          

        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Gross Asset
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability
        
        



          

        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Gross Asset
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability
        
        



          

        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Gross Asset
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability
        
        



          

        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Gross Asset
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability
        
        



          

        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Gross Asset
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability
        
        


        
        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Gross Asset
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Amount Not Offset Against Collateral
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Collateral
 Obligation to Return Cash
 Offset
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Amount Offset Against Collateral
        
        


        
        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Gross Asset
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Amount Not Offset Against Collateral
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Collateral
 Obligation to Return Cash
 Offset
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Amount Offset Against Collateral
        
        


        
        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Gross Asset
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Amount Not Offset Against Collateral
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Collateral
 Obligation to Return Cash
 Offset
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Amount Offset Against Collateral
        
        


        
        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Amount Offset Against Collateral
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Asset
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Amount Not Offset Against Collateral
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Collateral
 Right to Reclaim Cash
 Offset
        
        


        
        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Amount Offset Against Collateral
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Asset
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Amount Not Offset Against Collateral
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Collateral
 Right to Reclaim Cash
 Offset
        
        


        
        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Amount Offset Against Collateral
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Asset
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Amount Not Offset Against Collateral
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Collateral
 Right to Reclaim Cash
 Offset
        
        


        
        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Amount Offset Against Collateral
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Asset
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Amount Not Offset Against Collateral
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Collateral
 Right to Reclaim Cash
 Offset
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes assets elected not to be offset. Excludes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after offset of derivative liability
 of financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 before offset against an obligation to return collateral under a master netting arrangement. Includes assets elected not to be offset. Excludes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after effects of master netting arrangements
 of financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset offset against an obligation to return collateral. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities elected not to be offset. Excludes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after offset of derivative asset
 of financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 elected not to be and before offset against a right to receive collateral under a master netting arrangement. Includes liabilities elected not to be offset. Excludes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after effects of master netting arrangements
 of financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset offset against the right to receive collateral. Includes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        
        

      






























































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 4
092.9
$ 3
702.3
$ 3
814.0
$ 3
422.1
$ 3
894.2
$ 3
337.2
$ 3
337.8
$ 3
326.9
$ 15
031.3
$ 13
896.1
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
15
031.3
        
3
894.2
        
        
        
        


        
6
399.0
        
        
        
6
450.7
        
        
        
6
399.0
6
450.7
6
450.7
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
13
418.2
        
3
476.4
        
        
        
        


        
5
402.9
        
        
        
5
397.6
        
        
        
5
402.9
5
397.6
5
397.6
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
613.1
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
1
053.1
        
        
        
        
1
053.1
1
053.1
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
5
679.5
8
898.7
13
221.1
13
094.3


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
5
051.8
        
11
789.7
11
663.9


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 1
431.4
$ 1
430.4




        
          

        
          
            

 long-term customer relationships of a financial institution
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

LEASE OBLIGATIONS
 COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES Schedule of Hog Procurement and Contract Growers Commitments (Details) (Hog Procurement and Contract Grower Payments [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified








          

        


        
        


        
$ 1
524.3


        
1
245.3


        
1
090.3


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        

      


























        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) due to settlements or curtailments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

INCOME TAXES Schedule of Classification of Deferred Taxes on Balance Sheet (Details) (Successor
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified












          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Deferred income taxes
 net
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences expected to be realized or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      






















        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        

      


























Significant Change in Unrecognized Tax Benefits is Reasonably Possible
 Amount of Unrecorded Benefit
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Valuation Allowance
 Deferred Tax Asset
 Change in Amount
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Interest on Income Taxes Accrued
        
        
        
        
        
        


Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Interest on Income Taxes Expense
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Taxes Payable
 Current
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Interest on Income Taxes Expense
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Valuation Allowance
 Deferred Tax Asset
 Change in Amount
        
        
        
        
        
        


Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Interest on Income Taxes Expense
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 if longer) from tax authorities as of the balance sheet date representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sales
 use
 payroll
 excise
 real
 property and other taxes. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


















































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 79
400
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Line of Credit Facility
 Maximum Borrowing Capacity
        
        
1
500
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
1
700
000
        
        
120
700
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Line of Credit Facility
 Amount Outstanding
314
100
000
        
50
100
000
        
        
        
314
100
000
        
        
        
        
        


Line of Credit Facility
 Remaining Borrowing Capacity
        
        
1
300
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Line of Credit Facility
 Average Outstanding Amount
541
700
000
349
400
000
443
200
000
105
400
000
99
800
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Line of Credit Facility
 Interest Rate During Period
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Line of Credit Facility
 Maximum Amount Outstanding During Period
759
300
000
719
300
000
946
700
000
229
900
000
245
300
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Line of Credit Facility
 Interest Rate at Period End
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Line of Credit Facility
 Maximum Borrowing Capacity
 Prior to Refinancing
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
000
000
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
1
200
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Line of Credit Facility
 Maximum Borrowing Capacity
 Prior to Refinancing
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
925
000
000
        
        


Line of Credit Facility
 Maximum Borrowing Capacity
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
025
000
000
        


Line of Credit Facility
 Option to Increase Maximum Borrowing Capacity
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
225
000
000
        
        


Line of Credit Facility
 Unused Capacity
 Commitment Fee Percentage
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Line of Credit Facility
 Interest Rate Description
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Line of Credit Facility
 Covenant Terms
        
        

 and our EBITDA to interest expense ratio (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement) may not be less than 2.5 to 1.0.
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Deferred Finance Costs
 Gross
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
9
700
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Line of Credit Facility
 Maximum Borrowing Capacity
        
        
325
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
275
000
000
        
        


Line of Credit Facility
 Unused Capacity
 Commitment Fee Percentage
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Line of Credit Facility
 Interest Rate Description
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Deferred Finance Costs
 Gross
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
300
000
        
        


        
        
        
660
500
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
120
700
000
12
200
000
        
        
(120
700
000)
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
1
700
000
        
(900
000)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
3
020
100
000
        
2
717
800
000
        
        
        
3
020
100
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate Terms
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

 or at our election
 a base rate plus 3%
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Covenant Description
        
        

 2013
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
200
000
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
$ 200
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Maximum Borrowing Capacity
 Prior to Refinancing
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Option to Increase Maximum Borrowing Capacity
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 tangible net worth and working capital) and achievement of certain financial ratios (for example
 working capital ratio and debt service coverage ratio)
 and adherence to certain clauses which generally require or restrict certain actions (for example
 entering into a debt arrangement with equal or greater seniority
 and selling or discontinuing a certain business segment or material subsidiary) to be in compliance with the covenant clauses of the debt agreement. May also include a discussion of the adverse consequences that would result if the entity violates or fails to satisfy the covenants.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and
 if variable
 identification of the index or rate on which the interest rate is based and the number of points or percentage added to that index or rate to set the rate
 and other pertinent information
 such as frequency of rate resets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the amount as of the balance sheet date of capitalized costs associated with the issuance of debt instruments (for example
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs) that will be charged against earnings over the life of the debt instruments to which such costs pertain. Such amount is before the consideration of accumulated amortization.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the terms and the method for determining the interest rate (for example
 fixed or variable
 LIBOR plus a percentage
 increasing rate
 timing of interest rate resets
 remarketing provisions).
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 expressed as a percentage of the line of credit facility
 for available but unused credit capacity under the credit facility.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 usually issued together with corporate debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
SMITHFIELD FOODS
Twelve months ended December 28
Three months ended December 29
Five months ended September 26
Twelve months ended April 28
Twelve months ended April 29
Twelve months ended December 28
Three months ended December 29
Five months ended September 26
Twelve months ended April 28
Twelve months ended April 29
Twelve months ended December 28
Three months ended December 29
Five months ended September 26
Twelve months ended April 28
Twelve months ended April 29
 2012




        
          

        
          
            

 as well as a reconciliation by type of activity during the period). Alternatively
 disclosure of the required information may be within the footnotes to the financial statements or a supplemental schedule to the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        

      






























        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Merger Agreement
 Per Share Price of Company's Common Stock
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Business Combination
 Consideration Transferred
$ 4
900
000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


Senior Notes
 Five Point Twenty-Five Percent
 Due August 1
 2018
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Face Amount
        
        
        
        
        
        
500
000
000


Senior Notes
 Five Point Eight Hundred Seventy-Five Percent
 Due August 1
 2021
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Face Amount
        
        
        
        
        
        
400
000
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
20
400
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets
1
300
000
000
1
300
000
000
        
        
        
1
300
000
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Finite-Lived Intangibles
55
000
000
55
000
000
        
        
        
55
000
000
        


Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Finite-Lived Intangibles
40
000
000
40
000
000
        
        
        
40
000
000
        


Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Finite-Lived Intangibles
3
000
000
3
000
000
        
        
        
3
000
000
        


Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
23
900
000
23
900
000
18
000
000
18
000
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
$ 17
300
000
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 that lack physical substance
 having a projected indefinite period of benefit
 acquired at the acquisition date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 broker
 and regulatory fees).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Schedule of Cash Flow
 Supplemental Disclosures [Table Text Block]
December&#160;28
September 27 - December 29
April 29 - September 26
April&#160;28
April 29
Interest paid
Income taxes (paid) refunded
 net




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

LEASE OBLIGATIONS
 COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES Schedule of Rental Commitments (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified















Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 Hedge accounting
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 Foreign currency translation
        
        
        


Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 Pension accounting
        
        
        


Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 Hedge accounting
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 Foreign currency translation
        
        
        


Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 Pension accounting
        
        
        


Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 Hedge accounting
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax
 in accumulated gains and losses from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges. Includes an entity's share of an equity investee's Increase or Decrease in deferred hedging gains or losses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 prior service cost (credit)
 and transition assets (obligations)
 as well as minimum pension liability if still remaining
 included in accumulated other comprehensive income associated with a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan(s) because they have yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax
 that results from the process of translating subsidiary financial statements and foreign equity investments into the reporting currency from the functional currency of the reporting entity
 net of reclassification of realized foreign currency translation gains or losses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The following table presents a reconciliation of the pension benefit obligation
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
The beginning of the year is December 30
 2013 and April 29
December 28
December&#160;29
 2013
three months ended December 29
five months ended September 26
 2013
three months ended December 29
five months ended September 26
 2013
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
twelve months ended December 28
three months ended December 29
five months ended September 26
 2013
twelve months ended December 28
 2014
three months ended December 29
five months ended September 26
 2013
 respectively.


        
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 


        
December 28
September 27 - December 29
April 29 - September 26
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 2012


        
December 28
September 27 - December 29
April 29 - September 26
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 2012


        
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
Cash and cash equivalents
1
1
122.8


        
        


        
December 28
April 29 - December 29
April&#160;28
April 29
We have multiple collective bargaining agreements associated with the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union Industry Pension Fund. These agreements are currently scheduled to expire in October 2015
 May 2016
 January 2018 and December 2018.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the target allocation of plan assets
 the fair value of each major category of plan assets
 and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss) for the period
 as those amounts
 including amortization of the net transition asset or obligation
 are recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase
 and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 separately for pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans including the entity's schedule of fair value of plan assets for defined benefit or other postretirement plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) recognized due to settlements or curtailments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        

      


















































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 4
092.9
$ 3
702.3
$ 3
814.0
$ 3
422.1
$ 3
894.2
$ 3
337.2
$ 3
337.8
$ 3
326.9
$ 15
031.3
$ 13
896.1
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
9
573.7
13
221.1


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES Accured Liabilities and Other Current Liabilities (Details) (Successor
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified












          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Accrued Liabilities
 Current
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled within one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 trade payables.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      










































        
$ 4
092.9
$ 3
702.3
$ 3
814.0
$ 3
422.1
$ 3
894.2
$ 3
337.2
$ 3
337.8
$ 3
326.9
$ 15
031.3
$ 13
896.1


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
775.6
1
205.0


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        

      






















        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Inventories (Details) (Successor
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified












          

        
        


        
        
$ 1
054.8


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Inventory
 Net
$ 2
206.8
$ 2
274.7




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
On May&#160;28
 2013
 we entered into the Merger Agreement with WH Group and Merger Sub. The Merger was consummated on the Merger Date
 and as a result
 Merger Sub merged with and into the Company
 with the Company surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of WH Group. Upon completion of the Merger
 in cash (the Merger Consideration) for each share of common stock held prior to the effective time of the Merger.  Additionally
 all outstanding stock-based compensation awards
 both vested and unvested
 were converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration
 less the exercise price of such awards
On July 31
 2013
aggregate principal amount of 5.25% senior notes due August 1
aggregate principal amount of 5.875% senior notes due August 1
 2021 (together
in transaction fees in connection with issuance of the Merger Sub Notes
 which are being amortized over the life of the Merger Sub Notes. As a result of the Merger and the transactions entered into in connection therewith
 we have assumed the liabilities and obligations of Merger Sub
 including Merger Sub's obligations under the Merger Sub Notes. Proceeds from the Merger Sub Notes were held in escrow prior to the Merger Date and used in funding the Merger. The proceeds were used to fund a portion
WH Group is the majority shareholder of Henan Shuanghui Investment &amp; Development Co.
 which is China's largest meat processing enterprise and China's largest publicly traded meat products company as measured by market capitalization.  WH Group is a pioneer in the Chinese meat processing industry with over 30 years of history. WH Group's businesses include hog production
 meat processing
 fresh meat and packaged meats production and distribution.  The merging of WH Group's distribution network with our strong management team
 leading brands and vertically integrated model will allow us to provide high-quality
WH Group's cost of acquiring the Company has been pushed-down to establish a new accounting basis for the Company.  The consolidated balance sheets
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
 reflect various fair value estimates and analyses
The following is a summary of the allocation of the total purchase consideration to the estimated fair values of our assets acquired
2
Property
2
1
1
10
2
Deferred income taxes
5
4
Accounts receivable and accounts payable
 as well as certain other current and non-current assets and liabilities
 were valued at their existing carrying values as they approximated fair value of those items at the time of the Merger
Inventories were valued using a net realizable value approach with the exception of manufacturing supplies and other inventories
Property
 plant and equipment have been valued using a combination of the market approach and the indirect cost approach which is based on current replacement and/or reproduction cost of the asset as new
 less depreciation attributable to physical
Intangible assets acquired include trademarks
 customer relations assets
 contractual relationships and rights with fair values of

 
ectively.  The customer relations assets
ears
rs
Trademarks
 including trade names
 have been valued using the relief from royalty method. We utilized a bottoms-up approach to assess the appropriate royalty rates for trade names focused on consideration of the profitability of each trade name
 the implied premium margin earned on branded versus private label sales of similar products for each trade name
Goodwill reflects the amount of the total consideration paid that exceeded the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired
In connection with the Merger
three months ended December 29
five months ended September 26
 2013
 respectively. These fees are recognized in merger related costs on the consolidated statements of income. In addition
three months ended December 29
The following unaudited pro forma financial data summarizes the Company's results of operations as if the Merger had occurred as of April&#160;30
 2012. The pro forma data is for informational purposes only and may not necessarily reflect the actual results of operations had the Merger been consummated on April&#160;30
December 29
April 28
9
13
The most significant pro forma adjustments were to reflect the impact of fair value step-ups of both assets and liabilities (e.g.
 inventory
 property
 plant and equipment
Kansas City Sausage
In May 2013
 interest in Kansas City Sausage Company
 LLC (KCS)
 in cash.  Upon closing
 in addition to the cash purchase price
 to the seller in exchange for a promissory note
 which is secured by the remaining membership interests in KCS held by the seller (the Advance Note).  The Advance Note was recorded in other assets in the consolidated balance.  Additionally
 we entered into a revolving loan agreement with KCS
 in 2014.  The merging of KCS's low-cost
 efficient operations and high-quality products with our strong brands and sales and marketing team should contribute growth to our packaged meats business.  KCS operates in Des Moines
 Iowa and Kansas City
 Missouri. In Des Moines
 KCS produces premium raw materials for sausage
 as well as value-added products
KCS is managed by its Board of Directors
 which makes decisions that most significantly impact the economic performance of KCS. We have the right to nominate and elect the majority of the members of the Board of Directors of KCS
 and based on the associated voting rights
 we have determined that we have a controlling financial interest in KCS. As a result
 the acquisition of our interest in KCS was accounted for in the Fresh Pork and Packaged Meats segments using the acquisition method of accounting
 which requires
 among other things
 that assets acquired
 liabilities assumed and noncontrolling interests in the acquiree be recognized at their fair values as of the acquisition date. The purchase price allocation includes assets acquired
 excluding goodwill
 of 
 liabilities assumed of 
Our initial estimate of the fair value of the noncontrolling interests was measured based on market multiples for similar companies in our industry and consideration of the terms of the acquisition
 which provide the noncontrolling interest holder the right to exercise a put option at any time after the fifth anniversary of the acquisition
December&#160;28
 2014
American Skin Food Group
In September 2012
 controlling interest in American Skin Food Group
Located in Burgaw
 North Carolina
 American Skin manufactures and supplies pork rinds to the snack food industry. By leveraging our coordinated sales and marketing team
 we believe American Skin can expand into new markets both domestically and internationally
The acquisition of American Skin was accounted for in the Packaged Meats segment using the acquisition method of accounting. The purchase price allocation includes assets acquired
 excluding goodwill
 of 
 liabilities assumed of 
The fair value of the noncontrolling interests was measured based on market multiples for similar public companies and consideration of the terms of the acquisition
 which provide the noncontrolling interests holders the right to exercise a put option
 which would obligate us to redeem their interests. The redemption amount is based on a fixed multiple of earnings
 which is consistent with the formula utilized in determining the purchase price for our 




        
          

        
          
            

 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. The disclosure may include leverage buyout transactions (as applicable).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        

      






















        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income
 Net
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income
 Net
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income
 Net
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income
 Net
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income
 Net
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income
 Net
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
(d)
(e)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U
F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E
&%B



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U,F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E
M,&%B.#@W.&$X-3$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3)D
M
&8X9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


241!5$5$
M7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?24Y#/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7U-4051%345.5%]/1E]#3TU0/]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T]
241!
M5$5$7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%1513/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%15137U!!/]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T]
241!
M5$5$7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?0T%3/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H




M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4U5-34%2
M65]/1E]324=.249)0T%.5%]!0T-/54Y4/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R




M971S+U-H965T



T0B5V]R:W-H
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7


3
N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K

24=!5$E/3E-?0T]-34E4345.

T0B
&-E




M8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^15%52519/]X.DYA;64^#0H@

M345.5%




&-E;%=O<FMS

051)3TY?04Y$7T-/3E1)3D=%3D-)
M15


M4E1)3D=?4T5'345.5%



M/'@Z3F%M93Y355!03$5-14Y404Q?0T%32%]&3$]77TE.1D]234$\+W@Z3F%M






#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S
M+U-H965T



CPO

#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS

O4VAE970S



S(N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K




O4VAE970S-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@







T0B5V]R



M+U-H965T
SDN:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@




5%-?3T9?3U!%4D%424].
M


M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K





&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@
#I.
M86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E
M='
O4VAE970U



M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^34521T52





M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^1$E3
M4$]304Q?3T9?3$].1TQ)5D5$7T%34T544U]./]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z








M($A2968]

O




T0B5V]R:W-H
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS

O4VAE970V
BYH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E


T0B5V]R


T0B

M15)?0U52


M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7


O4VAE970W
BYH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS




14%315]/0DQ)1T%424].4U]#3TU-

M968]

O4VAE



#I.86UE
M/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O





M:&5E='
O4VAE970X





T0B


O4VAE970X-2YH










O4VAE970X.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S
M+U-H965T.#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^15%525197T-O;6UO;E]3=&]C:U]$971A:6QS/]X.DYA
M;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U<F-E($A2968]
T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


T0B5V]R:W-H

M

#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O

O4VAE970Y-BYH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS


#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX




M/D9!25)?5D%
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X
M8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^1D%)4E]604Q515]-14%355)%
M345.5%-?4V-H961U



T0B5V]R:W-H965T



&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T
M/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4D5
051%1%]005)465]44D%.4T%#5$E/3E-?3F%R

T0B5V]R



O4VAE970Q
#4N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K



O4VAE970Q

M965T



O4VAE970Q
3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@

M(`@/'@Z3F%M93Y154%25$523%E?4D5354Q44U]/1E]/4$52051)3TXR/]X


3$R+FAT;6PB



O4VAE970Q
3








0T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)

M14Y42519($E.1D]234%424].($1O8W5M96YT(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@0FEL
M;&EO;G

@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P



]
T1T:#Y$96

C4L(#(P
M
34\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`R.2P@
M

]










]
T1T97AT/C`P








]
'0^3F]N+6%C8V5L97)A=&5D







]
T1T97AT/D1E8R`R.P-@D)


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&]C
M=6UE;G0@1FES8V%L(%EE87(@1F]C=7,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1T97AT/C(P




]


]
M

2PP



]
M


M9VX]

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]


T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%=E;&PM:VYO=VX@4V5A


]
T1T97AT

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^16YT:71Y(%!U8FQI8R!&;&]A=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S




&8X9#A?96(V8E\T
M.6
T7SED

O4VAE970P
BYH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M241!5$5$(%-4051%345.5%
@3T8@24Y#3TU%(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL
M;&EO;G


]

]
M


3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@

]

S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q


#$S/&)R

CDL(#(P
3
\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

C@L
M(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R
M.2P@
C`Q


C8L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1&5C+B`S

]
T1T






]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RPX.30N
CQS

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
RPS



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RPS



T1T




]



]






M
2PR













]
T1N=6UP/C@Y+C@\



]


]











]



T1T;W`^3F5T($EN


]
T1N=6UP/C$T

3`U+C


]
T1N
M=6UP/C



]


]
















]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]


]


]


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT













M;7`^





#(N


]


]


T1T;W`^365R9V5R(')E;&%T960@8V]S='


]


]


]










3$N


]


]
T1N=6UP/CDS
2XV/'-P86X^







]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT



]


]


]

]


]








]

]
M

]
M

]
M


]


]


]

]
M



]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^3F5T







]


]



































2PY




]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V5L;&EN9RP@9V5N97)A;!A



]


]


]


]


]


]






]
T1N=6UP/C$X

M


]


]


]




]




M9VX]

















T1T;W`^26YC


]

S



]













M;7`^-#8N



]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S8Q+C









]





R!-;VYT:'
@

M

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(X

M
CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P
M+B`R-BP@
C`Q



]

I($%T=')I8G5T86)L92!T;R!087)E

]
M








]
T1N=6UP/C@S+C













;W-S*2!!='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@4&%R96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@






]


]


]


]

]
M




]



T1T;W`^5&%X(&)E



M1&YU;3XH


]

M86QI9VX]

]
T1R;SX-




]







]

















M:6=N/3-$=&]P/DYE=!D97)I=F%T:79E(&=A:6YS(AL;W-S97
I/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-C8N

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+C


]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

]
T1N=6T^

M1&YU;7`^





]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT











;W-S*2!!='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@4&%R96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@









]













M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q.#4N



]


]











]

]


]


C


]


]


]
T1R



]
T1N=6UP/C4S+C




]



]
T1N=6T^*#$P


T1T;W`^

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-S@N-3QS


M-3)D
&8X9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED
C1?93!A8C@X-SAA.#4Q#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4R9#!F.&0X7V5B-F)?-#EC-%\Y9#(T


#0N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M

]

C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q



]

]



T1T;W`^1V]O

]
T1T97AT



M97


]














S




]
T1N=6UP/C@Q


BPR


]


]

]







T1T;W`^




]
T1N=6UP/C$L





M;7`^

]

]


]
T1T

]



]



]






]
M

]
T1N








]

]
T1N=6UP/C$R
BXR/'-P86X^

3
Q+C$\





]

]
T1T






]


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K+!N;R!P87(@=F%L=64L(#$L
#`P


]
M


T1T;W`^4F5T86EN960@96%R;FEN9W
\



]




]
T1N=6UP/C0L-3





]
T1N=6UP/C`N-SQS



]



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
F0P9CAD
M.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E




M97%U:78]


]



M9SY#3TY33TQ)1$%4140@0D%
04Y#12!32$5%5%
@*%!!4D5.5$A%5$E#04PI



T1T;W`^4W5C





]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



2PP




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97
@


]
T1N=6UP/C$L



MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

&8X9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED
C1?93!A8C@X-SAA.#4Q
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4R9#!F.&0X7V5B-F)?


#8N:'1M











3XS

]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(X+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`R.2P@
C`Q

]
T1P







]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-34V















]


]


]


]









]
T1N=6UP/C



]



]

]
M

]
M

]
M

]

]
T1N=6UP/C(N-CQS

]
T1N=6T^*#4X




]





]
T1N=6UP/C$T+C4\


M

]
T1T97AT

]



]


]





]


]


]

]
T1N=6T^*#






]
T1N=6UP



M/3-$=&]P/E!R97!A:60@97AP96YS97



]
T1N=6T^*#(R+C4I











]
M


]


]




]
T1T

]
M

]
M

]
M

]











]
T1T


I(&]F(&)R965D:6YG



RXS





M+C








M



]


]



]


]
T1R;SX-

]





]

]
T1T97AT


]
T1R

]



@*')E


M;F]T97


]
M


]












M

]
T1T97AT

]





]



]





T1T;W`^3F5T(&-H86YG92!I;B!C87-H(&%N


]



]






]
T1N=6UP/C0S









]


]


]

]
M



]
T1N
M=6UP/C$X


S8Q+C




















]




]






T1T;W`^1&5F97)R960@:6YC;VUE






]







]



]



]


]


]


]




M;3XH






M97




T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='



]


]
M

]



]
T1N=6T^*#$U+CDI/'-P

3(N

]

]


M86QI9VX]










]
M

]
M


M9VX]



]




]
T1N=6T^*#(Y




I(&]F(&)R965D

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U+C
I


M







]


]



M;7`^

]
T1N




]




]


]


T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'
@9G)O




]



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U


T1T


I(&]N(')E=F]L=FEN9R!C




]
T1N=6UP/C0Y



]
T1N=6T^*#`N






M1&YU;3XH






]


M:7-S=6%N8V4@8V]S='
@86YD(&]T:&5R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L




]

]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M(&9I;F%N8VEN9R!A8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]



@;VX@8V%S:#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT










M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q






3`N-CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C
R

]


]


]

S(T+C



M97















M;B!C;W-T(&]F('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M







0T*0V]N





]

M



]



]



]
T1T:#Y3=6-C97-S;W(\8G(^061D:71I;VYA








]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
2PV





M




3`P+#`P
M

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T


]






]


]


]


]


]



]


]
T1N=6UP/CDL
C`P+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^27-S=6%N8V4@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K

]









]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^4W1O


]



]













]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
M














]





]


]


]




]


]














]


]


]


]


]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]





C`Q



]
T1N=6UP/C$L-38Q/'-P















#$R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L






]


]


]


]


]







M














]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


]
T1N=6T^*#


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q.#DN
RD\


M

M1&YU;7`^

]

#`L


]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^27-S
M=6%N8V4@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!A;6]U;G0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]



]




]
T1R93X-













3DN


]
T1N=6UP


M;7`^


]










]
T1R



]
T1N=6UP









]
T1N=6UP/C$X
RXX




M


















M1&YU;7`^

















M96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE(AL;W-S*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S


3`U+C

3`U+C






3`U+C



]


]


]


]

]
T1T97AT


]














]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^27-S=6%N8V4@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!A;6]U;G0\+W1D/@T*

]
T1N=6T^*#(N


XQ/'-P86X^/]S

]



#QS


]



















C8N


]





]


]





]
T1N=6UP








M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@P+C
I

M

]
T1N


M1&YU;3XH


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]


]
T1N=6UP/C4Q















]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/C`N


]


]


]


]



]
















M96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE(AL;W-S*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S





]


]



]


]


]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C(L

3@N



BXW/'-P

]
T1N
M=6UP/C0L







C`Q









]




]
T1N=6UP/C













M;7`^

]
M

]
M


M9VX]







^


C`Q



]
T1N=6UP/C




















]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6UP/C`N


]
T1N=6UP/C`N





]


]


]


]


]


]







]




]


]
















]


M;G1R;VQL:6YG(&EN=&5R97-T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$












]


]

M86QI9VX]

I













M

]
M





Y+C4\

M(#0L
38W+C













M24-)15



]





M62!/1B!324=.249)0T%.5!!0T-/54Y424Y'(%!/3$E#2453)B,Q-C`[/]F

T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ





L($EN8RXL('1O

M=&AE($-O;7!A;GDL)B
X
C(Q.R`F(S@R
C`[=V4L)B
X
C(Q.R`F(S@R
C`[
M=7
F(S@R






M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
6QE












2!T:&4@9FEN

M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



T1F;VYT

'!T.SY4:&4@365R9V5R('=A

@8V]M8FEN871I;VX@=7-I



@8F5E











3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY#:&%N



38L
M(#(P


@=V5E:R!P97)I;V0@=VAI

M:6]D(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#(Y+`R,#$S+B`@56YL97-S(&]T:&5R=VES
M92!N;W1E9P@86QL(')E9F5R96YC97
@=&\@


3!P=#L^
M1&5C96UB97(@
C@L(#(P

T1F;VYT+69A



3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F
M(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q

S`L(#(P
M




M
T0Q

M



T0Q
M

T0Q



T0Y)2!R




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


7!X


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z





38P.SPO9F]N

R!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M+6QE9G0Z


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B










M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R





M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



M(#(Y(T@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#(V+`R

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




M;&4]



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M





'!T.SXS+#@Y-XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT




2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

2!C;VQS





'!T.SX\9F]N




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I






M93HQ




M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







'!T.SXU+#$Y
XQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M


P
#`P


M



3!P=#L^-RPY-#
N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]





#`P


3!P=#L^-#@Y


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N





'!T.SXY-34N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]













M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^365R9V5R(')E;&%T960@8V]S='


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#L^
C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P

M




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T


M

P
#`P
M


P
#`P


M


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL







M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N







M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]





#`P






'!T.SXQ
CDN
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D








#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\



3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
3$Q+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO

F4Z,3!P=#L^3&]S
M<R!O;B!D96)T(&5X=&EN9W5I<VAM96YT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

M;&4]



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB




M
3!P=#L^

T0G=F5R







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M




#`P


3!P=#L^



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




M93HQ



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K




3!P
M=#L^
34N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M93HQ


P
#`P


P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M

G!X

M/3-$



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




3!P=#L^
S0N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z












P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T




3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ


M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M
M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E!R:6YC:7!L97


3(P)3MP861D:6YG

3!P=#L^


M







@


M92UH96EG:'0Z



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



@87)E('1R86YS;&%T
M960@:6YT;R!5+E






38P






M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


3!P=#L^)#`N

3!P=#L^(&%N


M
C`Q


C`Q


@96YD960@07!R:6P@
C@L(#(P
M
3




3!P=#L^(&EN('1H




N($%S



@;VX@82!O;F4M;6]N=&@@;&%G
M(&ES(&UA=&5R:6%L('1O('1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T
M871E;65N='



M('-T871E;65N='





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M92UH96EG:'0Z

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ


M='

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ


M;&4]

'!T.SY!8V-O



M(')E8V5I=F%B;&5S('1O(&%M;W5N='


M;&4@86-C;W5N='



M
#`P



M93HQ


3!P=#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-F9F9F9F8[



#`P
#`P.W1E


3!P=#L^(&UI;&QI;VX@
M87



#`P


38P.S(X+`R,#$T/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M.C$R


F4Z,3!P=#L^26YV96YT;W)I97,@8V]N<VES=!O9B!T:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG

3(P)3MP

M


M=VED=&@Z.3@N-#




2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L




M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0S('-T


#`P

M

M=W-P86X]



38P
M.S(Y+`\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXY,C@N,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M









M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.SXY-C$N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O








M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^

T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ
M



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O




P
#`P




3!P=#L^-#4N-#PO




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


P
M
#`P





P
#`P

M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR+#(P-BXX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


P
M
#`P





P
#`P

M


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M








3(P







M:&5I9VAT.C$R





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






@87)E(&-L87-S




#M4:&4@

@



#`P

M.SXD





'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY$96-E;6)E<B8C,38P.S(X
M+`R



Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
M
3








#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD

T1F


3!P




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


M;&4]

'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P







M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



S4N

M





3!P=#L^9FEV92!M;VYT:'
@96YD


M


M









#`P
#MT

3!P=#L^


3!P=#L^


C8L(#(P
3
\+V9O


M93HQ

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SYT=V5L=F4@;6]N=&AS(&5N9&5D

3!P

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T





M





M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M



T0Q



M


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E5S969U;!,:69E/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

7!X('-O


Q-C`[
C@L

30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E




M;W1T;VTZ


T1F;VYT+69A


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



3!P=#L^
TR,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT







M9RUT;W`Z
















M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^0G5I



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B






T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^.#0V+C
\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


T1F



G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#$R-2XU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^.3DV+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M,T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M









G!X.R!R;W=S






G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.SXQ.3
N



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M93HQ

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ

U+C

M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T1V





M







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,#8N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B










M





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




G!X




3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P




3!P=#L^*#(W
M


#`P
#`P.W!A








M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXH-3`N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



T1F;VYT


@;V8@

M:6YI=&4@;&EV97





@;6]R92!L:6ME;'D@=&AA;B!N;W0@=&AA


@:7










M9F]R;6%N8V4@87

M=&EO;G







@;F]T(&-O;G-I9&5R960@=&\@:&%V92!A




@:6UP86ER960@



M:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@9V]O9'=I;&P@:7







M9'=I;&P@:7
@;F]T(&-O;G-I9&5R960@:6UP86ER960N($AO=V5V97(L(&EF


@:7


N)B
Q

M93HQ




38P

3(P)3MP

M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1P861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

'!T.W=I9'1H.CDY+C0Q-#`V

M87!S93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q


M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M9#L^)B


P
#`P



M:'0Z

6QE


P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






M





38P.SPO9F]N


#LR.2P@/&)R(&-L96%R
M/3-$;F]N92\^
C`Q



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M;W`Z




M;VTZ



M/3-$




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV







T1F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXU







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU-2XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXS+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V








M






T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L



M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1V97)T:6-A














38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXT
XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`P
#`P










M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




38P.SPO





P
#`P

M






M





38P.SPO9F]N





#`P


M
3!P=#L^.38N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



M93HQ




M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#,P.2XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]




T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



L(&YE=#PO9F]N














#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


S@P+CD\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
#`P
#`[




'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]




3!P=#L^5&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=65S(&]F
M('1R861E;6%R:W



@
M86YD('1R861E;6%R:W


M=F5D(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S(&5X8V5E9'


M=W




M93HQ




3!P=#L^)#8N.!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXL(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M




'!T.SXD

M;&4]

'!T.SX@:6X@


3!P=#L^












'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


M('EE87)S)B
Q-C`[:7
@97AP96-T960@=&\@8F4F(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXN)B


M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^1&5B=#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M

L(%!R96UI=6US
M(&%N9!$:7-C;W5N=',\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.C$R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O

3!P=#L^


M

3!P=#L^
M)B



M
#`P

M



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P





M9F5R96YC97

@86YD(&QI

M92!E;F%C=&UE;G0@9&%T92X@5F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC97
@87)E(&5S

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M97@@=&%X(&QA=W



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



@9F]R


M87@@8F5N969I='
@:6X@;W1H97(@;&EA8FEL:71I97
@86YD(')E8V]G;FEZ

M


M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
6QE/3-$9F]N




2!R











@86YD('!R:6]R('-E





T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M(%1H92!C;W-T(&]F('1H97-E('-E;&8M:6YS=7)A;F-E('!R;V=R86US(&ES

@9F]R
M(&MN;W=N(&%N9!A;G1I8VEP871E9!C;&%I;7

M861J=7-T;65N='



M=&EO;G





M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
6QE








@:6X@97AC97-S(&]F




@=&AA=!C;W5L9!B

M9VAT.C$R


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



@86YD('-A;&5S(&EN
M8V5N=&EV97




M;W5N='
@86YD(')E8F%T97



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

M

M:6]N86P@0V]S='


3!P=#L^


M

@87)E(&5X






3!P=#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-F9F9F9F8[8V]L;W(Z(S`P
M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#$V-2XX(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O


M93HQ





'!T.SXD-#@N



3!P=#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-F9F9F9F8[8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#8S+C4@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



#`P

M;CIN;VYE.SXD

M
3!P=#L^)#$R

T1F;VYT


3!P
M=#L^






#$R








T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M87



M0V]S='



'!T.SXF(S$V



3!P=#L^4F5S96%R8V@@86YD


M


3!P=#L^


M
#`P






6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

3!P=#L^=&AR964@;6]N=&AS(&5N


M
3!P=#L^9FEV92!M;VYT:'
@96YD960@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#(V+`R,#$S/]F





M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
6QE/3-$



@57!D871E(#(P
3
M
3$L

T1F;VYT+69A





'!T
M.SXH05-5(#(P
3
M

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]








T1F

'!T.SXH05-5(#(P
30M
M










@=VET:&EN

C`Q









@57!D
M871E(#(P
30M
34L(%!R97-E;G1A=&EO;B!O9B!&:6YA;F-I86P@4W1A=&5M

M9&%N8V4@:7

M9'
@96YD:6YG(&%F=&5R($1E8V5M8F5R(#$U+`R,#$V+!A;F0@9F]R(&%N


M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U,F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R
M-%]E,&%B.#@W.&$X-3$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M-3)D
&8X9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED

M='
O4VAE970P.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M


]

T0Q/C$R($UO

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@





3!P=#LG/CQD

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z
M8F]L9#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^34521T52($%.1!!0U%525-)
M5$E/3E




M97(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[



3!P=#L^3VX@36%Y)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3
L('=E(&5N=&5R960@


M=71S=&%N9&EN9R!S:&%R97



3!P=#L^)#





M97)G97(N(!!9&1I=&EO;F%L;'DL(&%L;!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!S=&]C:RUB




M9VAT.C$R
6QE/3-$

3!P=#MB86-K

T1F





M93HQ



3!P=#MB


@9'5E($%U9W5S=`Q+`R
M




3!P=#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-F9F9F9F8[/FEN('1R
M86YS86-T:6]N(&9E97



N($%S

@








@









M;B!M87)K971S(&%R;W5N9!T:&4@=V]R;&0N/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P


M93HQ



M9&%T960@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E='

M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P

T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3

T1F

'!T.SXL(')E9FQE8W0@

L(&EN
2!V86QU871I



C`Q-!W:71H(&YO(&UA=&5R:6%L
M(&%D:G5S=&UE;G1S+B`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.C$R



@8GD@5T@@1W)O=7`@:6X@=&AE('1R86YS86-T:6]N.CPO9F]N=#X\

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97


M969T.F%U=&\[;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z.3DN-C`Y


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V







M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR-3`N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT




M;W1T;VTZ





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M







3X\9&EV('-T





M/3-$




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXR
30N
M



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A



M



M
6QE/3-$

M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXQ+#8S
2XU





M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



G!X





G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ+#0P
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z
3!P=#L^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

P
#`P



S@N-3PO




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT


3!P=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M/3-$





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV









G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^
BPU
#DN


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXU
C(N.#PO9F]N

L(&YE=#PO9F]N=#X\





G!X


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R







M;&4]

'!T.SY/=&AE

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



2!72!'<F]U<#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M



G!X.R!R



M:&ED9&5N.VAE:6=H=#HR


38P

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SY2961E96UA8FQE(&YO



T0R('-T


#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z






G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXT+#DP

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




@87








39P






M86)L92!T;R!P:'ES:6-A;P@9G5N8W1I;VYA;!A;F0@96-O;F]M:6
@9F%C



3!P=#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-F9F9F9F8[/DEN=&%N



@;V8\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T


F4Z
3!P=#L^




F4Z,3!P=#L^('EE87)S(&%N9`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T1F

'!T.SXQ
CPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






T1F;VYT+69A



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A




@9F]R('1R



39P

3!P=#L^0W5S=&]M



M:6]N('1O('1H92!L;W-T('!R;V9I='



M8V]S='

39P

3!P=#L^5&AE(&)E


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E





C`R
B`H=&AE(#(P
C(@3F]T97




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





@82!R97-U;'0@;V8@=&AE($UE


3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ-G!X.W1E


T1F







3!P=#L^



'!T.SXF(S@R

3!P=#L^4F5P



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





'!T.SXD
3@N


3!P=#L^=&AR964@
M;6]N=&AS(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#(Y+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T


3!P=#L^9FEV92!M;VYT:'
@96YD960@4V5P=&5M8F5R

M97
@87)E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@;65R9V5R(')E;&%T960@8V]S='
@;VX@





3!P=#L^('5P;VX@=&5R;6EN871I;VX@;V8@=&AE(&9I

M='





@:&%D('1H

38P.S




3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#IB;VQD.SY4=V5L=F4@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^1&5C96UB97(@
CDL(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z









G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0W('-T

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M

M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH:6X@;6EL;&EO;G




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C













M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M



M

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


BXY



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^
C$Y+C8\+V9O;G0^










M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#L^26X@36%Y(#(P
3




#`P

M.SXU

3$

M;&4]

'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P


M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^








'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

T1F

'!T.SXN(%1H92!A9V=R

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^2T-3(&ES(&$@;&5A9&EN9R!5+E



3!P
M=#L^(&EN(#(P

M969F:6-I96YT(&]P97)A=&EO;G


@36]I
M;F5S+!);W=A(&%N9!+86YS87

M;VEN97

@9F]R
M('-A=7-A9V4L(&%S('=E;&P@87

L(&EN


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#L^2T-3(&ES(&UA;F%G960@8GD@

@9&5C:7-I;VYS

@






3!P=#L^
M)#

@87-S=6UE







'!T.SXD
S8N



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I

3!P=#MB86-K9W)O=6YD


@=V%S




@:7



@=&AE(&=R







3!P=#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-F9F9F9F8[/B`\







3!P
M=#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-F9F9F9F8[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L
M(#(P





3!P=#L^)#0U+C`@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY!;65R
M:6-A;B!3:VEN($9O;V0@1W)O=7`L($Q
0SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ-G!X.V9O



#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I


3!P=#L^(&-O;G1R;VQL:6YG(&EN=&5R97-T

M

'!T.SX\9F]N


M4VMI;B!M86YU9F%C='5R97

@=&\@


@;V8@

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M;&4]

'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P

M;65N=X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
M



T1F

'!T.SXD
3@N-R!M:6QL














M;VTZ

3!P=#L^
M5&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@=&AE(&YO;F-O;G1R;VQL:6YG(&EN=&5R97-T







M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

&8X9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED
C1?93!A8C@X-SAA.#4Q#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4R9#!F.&0X7V5B-F)?-#EC-%\Y


3`N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H


M86QI9VX]




T1T;W`^1$E34$]304P@
M3T8@3$].1RU

]
M






#`P
#`P.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SX@/]F;VYT

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ








M















#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#
N
R8C
38P.VUI;&QI;VX\+V9O


M93HQ




Q-C`[;6EL



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SYT=V5L=F4@;6]N=&AS(&5N










]


M


#$T/&)R



]

]
M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P



3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ-G!X


M

'!T.SY/=7(@;65A



L













M('1H92!R:7-K(&)E:6YG(&AE9&=E9P@=6YT:6P@=&AE(&AE9&=E9!I=&5M
M(&ES(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@96%R;FEN9W

M('1O(&%S('1H92`F(S@R
C`[:&5D9V4@86-C;W5N=&EN9R8C.#(R
3L@;65T


@*&-O;6UO

C`[;6%R:RUT;RUM87)K970F
M(S@R





M:6YS=')U;65N='

M(&-H86YG97


F4Z
M,3!P=#L^0VAA;F=E<R!I;B!C;VUM;V1I='D@<')I8V5S(&-O=6QD(&AA=F4@
M82!S:6=N:69I8V%N=!I;7!A8W0@;VXF(S$V

M
#MR97%U:7)E;65N='


M)B


M:R!R96QA=&5D)B



#MT:&4F(S$V
#MN970@;&EA8FEL

Q-C`[;V8F(S$V
#MO=7(@;W!E;B!D97)I=F%T:79E


M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

F4Z,3!P=#L^5V4@
M87)E(&5X<&]S960@=&\@;&]S<V5S(&EN('1H92!E=F5N=!O9B!N;VYP97)F







M9V4@=')A9&5D(&9U='5R97



38P.T1E=&5R;6EN



M96ER(&9I;F%N8VEA;!C;VYD:71I;VXN($%S(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S


M8V5N=')A=&EO;G


3!P=#L^+B8C
M

3(P







@9G)O;2!T:6UE('1O('1I;64@8F%S960@
M=7!O;B!O=7(@86YA;'ES:7



M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

3!P


M93HQ


'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO


T0P



M

M



T0Q



T0Q)2!R



T0Y)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M-B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV



M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^07-S971S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D






M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]



M
38P.S(X+`\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SXR,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P




#`P
#`P




G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M
T1N;VYE+SXR

M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[


3




38P

M(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P
#`[)R!R




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



M1&5R:79A=&EV97


G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\






6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;W1T;VTZ










3!P=#L^
C0N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ










3!P=#L^
38N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXV
M







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#L^
XW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M







G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C




V





M;&4]

'!T.SY&;W)E


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

M

'!T.SXP+C(\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT


CL\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P


3X\


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$

P
#`P








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P


M/3-$

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-RXS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL







M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^1W)A:6X@8V]N


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE







M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^.XU/]F;VYT/CPO





B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C$N




M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.SXU+CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$














G!X.R!R





T1F

'!T.SXY+C4\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T

P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N



#`P
#MB86-K


M

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




3!P=#L^
XR/]F


#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;&5F=#HV


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

T1V97)T:6-A


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



P
#`P


3X\


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$

P
#`P








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P


M/3-$

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z





M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I










M


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






M


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







3!P=#L^)B















'!T.SX\
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[




3!P=#MM87)G:6XM


M9'1H/3-$
S`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$




M



M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M




T0Q)2!R



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$






M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ

M


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ





M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ







T0S


#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD






R!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\









T1F




M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


M;&4]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT



M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M




M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



T1F;VYT+69A



3X\

M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


M;&4]






M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@



M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I



M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD






M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF

M;&4@(S`P
#`P

M;W`Z

#`P



#`P
#MB86-K

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P






M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N













#`P




#`P




M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@












M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[









38P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


T1F;VYT




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.7!T.SXU,BXP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT+69A




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



2!C;VQS



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B













38P

M(S@R




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B






M



M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@











G!X


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#`N,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S


G!X.W!A


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^


B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M.7!T.SXU

M
#`P

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^




P
#`P
M




#`P



F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#$T+CD\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M:'0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P



M;W`Z



P
#`P


M






M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P

G!X

#`P
M



P
#`P

G!X

#`P
M




P
#`P

2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT





CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A



M87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R
2!R


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M/3-$


T0Q


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C


T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M/3-$







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T
6QE

M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

7!X('-O






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

7!X('-O



M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O










M








M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




T1V


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.7!T.SXQ,BXU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



G!X.W!A



T1F;VYT+69A



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M;W`Z

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



M



M;W1T;VTZ



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D







3X\9&EV









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

T1F

CL\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]





T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$



3X\



M;W`Z




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


P
#`P

2!C;VQS


M=US:7IE.CEP=#L^,3,N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q






G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S



M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R









M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT







M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B


G!X





38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M





38P






M






M





38P.SPO9F]N




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


C`N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M.SXH





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^)B
X



M:'0Z





38P.SPO




F4Z.7!T.SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





P
#`P




#`P



P
#`P





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

M(S`P
#`P

M

M
#`P


P
#`P







7!X('-O;&ED








M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


P
#`P

2!C;VQS



P
#`P

2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF






!S;VQI

M;&4]

3PO

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

P
#`P
M






3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M93II=&%L:6


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


















'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY$96-E;6)E<B8C,38P.S(X
M+`R


3!P=#L^+!W92!H860@;F\@8V%S:!F;&]W(&AE9&=E


M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
6QE/3-$9F]N






M;G


@9F]R)B
Q-C`[9W)A







M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






3!P=#L^
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

@87-S;V-I871E

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL

3`P)3MB;W)D


M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$




M




M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT



P
#`P


M






M:'0Z





38P.SPO





3!P


M93HQ



M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A





M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B





G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXT
BPU-S4L
#`P




M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M93HQ




G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^
S0V+#4P



M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;VTZ



M/3-$




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




M










M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


3!P


M93HQ

M;&4]



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXQ





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V







3!P=#L^
S0L
S8S+#DP
#PO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

3!P=#L^
M)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
M
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R
M.R8C.#(Q
CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C






M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M

M;&4]






3(P)3MT97AT

3!P=#L^5&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN
M9R!T86)L97

@86YD






M:6YG/3-$




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD
M.SY'86EN(A

M=F4@26YC;VUE(A,;W-S*2!O;B!$97)I=F%T:79E(A%9F9E8W1I=F4@4&]R




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




M





38P.SPO9F]N


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P

6QE/3-$


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

P
#`P







P
#`P


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


P
#`P
#`[)R!R








M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P

6QE/3-$



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




M

M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY397!T96UB97(@

C`Q
SPO


M;'-P86X]


#`P




#`P



#$T

P
#`P







P
#`P



G!X.V)O


C@L(#(P


M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






CDL(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I




G!X.R!R







T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH:6X@;6EL;&EO;G





M





M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P










T1F;VYT+69A




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A







M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^






G!X.R!R;W=S





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



G!X


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,RXW/]F;VYT/CPO




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\





G!X













T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^*#(Q.XW/]F




M/3-$









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^*#8N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B







M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ













3X\9&EV



3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


CL\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

F4Z,3!P
M=#L^*#`N,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




3!P=#L^



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

M

'!T.SXR+CD\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


T1T


SPO9F]N

'!T.SX\9F]N




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P

M

M
#`P


3!P=#L^*#(N
SPO

P
#`P




#`P









M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO

P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
M

#`P
#MB

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


P
#`P
#`[)R!R




!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T



P
#`P


M


M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z






M

T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]





'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z






;W-S*2!296-L87-S:69I




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


#`P



M


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P



7!X


M



T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S






M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


P
#`P



M

M:'0Z8F]L9#L^4')E9&5C97-S;W(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M;VYT:'

T1V97)T


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


7!X



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E


P
#`P



7!X('-O;&ED






G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




P
#`P



G!X



P
#`P


G!X.W!A


6QE/3-$


P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T









M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R








3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#


M;VTZ


M(T@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#(V+`R

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


7!X

M8F]L9#L^07!R:6P@
C@L(#(P
3

M;&4]



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



T1V97)T









M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T







M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





M:'0Z







G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P










M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N








T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M;W1T;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




G!X.R!R;W=S



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




G!X.R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





2!C;VQS




T1V97)T:6-A


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^
3



M:'0Z





38P.SPO










M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B







M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


R+C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXH


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^
XT/]F






M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


M













3X\9&EV





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^)B
X



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S@R


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M







G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT




T1V


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M;&4]



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXP+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
#`[



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T0G=F5R



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



3!P=#L^*#0N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



P
#`P




M
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








M:'0Z







G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,C8N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R




#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\










M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US










#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P




M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

M/3-$



P
#`P


3X\

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS




#`P
M

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R







M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P



7!X('-O
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXP

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A

M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P

G!X.W!A










3X\9&EV

M

3!P=#L^1F]R
2!E9F9E8W1I=F4N
M(%=E(&AA=F4@97AC;'5D960@9G)O;2!T:&4@87-S97-S;65N=!O9B!E9F9E


M






M92!M;VYT:'
@96YD960@07!R:6P@
CDL(#(P

M;&4]

'!T.SXL('=E


@=V]U



M;VYT:'
@96YD960@07!R:6P@
CDL(#(P

M

'!T.SX@:6YC;'5D
M97
@9V%I;G



#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD
3(N






C`Q

39P

3!P=#L^07
@;V8@



#`P




38P.W1H

Q-C`[9V%I;G
@;V8F(S$V
#L\+V9O


M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P





'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




#`P

M.SXD

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

M





'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


@87)E('-U8FIE8W0@=&\@8VAA;F=E+CPO

3(P)3MP861D

3!P


M93HQ

M

3(P






M;65N='


M;6ET;65N='









@=V%S(&%S(&9O;&QO=W








3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Y
M(')O=W-P86X]

T0Q


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M/3-$







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ






B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X



T1F;VYT+69A

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B










M='EL93II=&%L:6
[/D-O;6UO9&ET:65S.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F





G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




'!T.SX\9F]N





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



M:6YS=')U;65N='

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ









2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]








3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




I(%)E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@16%R;FEN9W
@;VX@1&5R:79A=&EV93PO9F]N






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O

P
#`P
M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]

7!X


@




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B







M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ

M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E1W96QV92!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+V9O




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P

G!X

M86X]



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]




C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P

G!X

M86X]



C`Q
SPO


M;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SY#;VUM;V1I='D@8V]N=')A8W1S(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N






G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M/3-$



M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M/3-$






G!X.W!A





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,2XY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R
M/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.C$R


M.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
M
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF
M(S@R


3!P=#LG/CQT



M/3-$


4[9F]N
M=US:7IE.C5P=#XH

T1F;VYT









#`P
#`P

Q-C`[;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

#`P
#MT97AT+61E

M
C`Q

@9F]R(&9A:7(@=F%L



M9'5R:6YG(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R
M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^

M=&AE(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[
M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^=&AR964@;6]N=&AS(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#(Y


C8L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/&9O


M/B!A;F0L('1H97)E9F]R92P@;F\@9&EF9F5R96YC97








M



T0Q



T0Q)2!R



T0W)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V



#`P

M


M;&4]



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A



#`P




M





T0G=F5R


P
#`P

3X\9&EV





M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P



T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF


G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M

M9G0Z




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M;VYT:'

M;&4]


38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT




C`Q
SPO


M;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


C`Q

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




M;&4]


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY#;VUM;V1I='D@8V]N=')A



G!X

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\














M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


P
#`P

M/3-$









M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




3X\9&EV('-T



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



G!X.W!A

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ-G!X.W1E


T1F

'!T.SY792!R96-O9VYI

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P
'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.R<^)#0N,2!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT


C8L(#(P
3
\




T0G

BXU(&UI;&QI




#`P
M



'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SYT=V5L=F4@;6]N=&AS(&5N9&5D
M($%P<FEL(#(Y+`R



@87
@=&AE










@8F5I




M:'0Z

3!P=#L^


T1F

'!T.SXL('1H92!R86YG





3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N





T0Q)2!R;W=S



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M/3-$



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ









M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^)B





M














38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXV
#`L



M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR-PV-#`L
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O





M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SY=7-H96QS/]F;VYT

'!T.SX\9F]N




M;W1T;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O







3!P=#L^




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N



M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


L-30U+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT








M







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\







3!P=#L^.#4L



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






M:'0Z





38P.SPO




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;VTZ



M/3-$








2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M





3!P=#L^-BPX
M.#@L




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX,PP

M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A





M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M







M




M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







M



M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

M

'!T.SXF(S@R
3([
M)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
M
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R


M:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ-G!X.V9O;G0M9F%M


4[9F]N
M=US:7IE.CAP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M92!5+E

@9F]R96EG;B!C



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE
M('!R97-E;G1S('1H92!A;6]U;G0@;V8@9V%I;G


#MM

@:6YD:6-A=&5D.CPO9F]N

3(P)3MP861D:6YG

3!P=#L^

M




3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M



T0W









M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$









3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT





G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


M;&0[/E1W96QV92!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P

M




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P





F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1E8V5M8F5R(#(X+`R
M

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



F4Z.'!T.V9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E-E<'1E;6)E<B`R-R`M($1E8V5M8F5R(#(Y+`R
M

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ


#`P







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]

7!X

P
#`P

3X\9&EV('-T





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

M;6EL;&EO;G


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


#`P


3!P


M93HQ






M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE













M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT


CPO9F]N=#X\






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


P
#`P




3!P=#L^


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P


M93HQ

T0G=F5R






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P




#`P







#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[



#`P


M
3!P=#L^

M
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^








M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



7!X
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
M
#`P





P
#`P

M









#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P





3!P=#L^5&AE('1A8FQE(&%B;W9E(')E9FQE8W1S
M(&=A:6YS(&%N9!L;W-S97,@9G)O;2!B;W1H(&]P96X@86YD(&-L;W-E9!C







F0P
M9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E


M(&-O;G1E;G0]


M/3-$



]
T1T:#Y$96






T1T
M;W`^24Y615-4345.5%

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O




3!P=#L^)B
Q


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M





3!P=#MW
M:61T:#HY.2XV

M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
30E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P
#`P


G!X.W!A



M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF




M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]



P
#`P






M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


T1N;VYE
M+SXR

P
#`P


G!X.W!A


6QE/3-$



G!X.R!R




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


3!P=#L^26YT97)N871I;VYA




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B






3!P=#L^
S
P


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N

M







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E







G!X









3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V









G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ
F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ
F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




P
#`P
M






!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB;W)D97(M

#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




P
#`P

M/3-$









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





M



3X\9&EV('-T



M;CIT;W`[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^0F5G:6YN:6YG(&EN($IU;F4@


@9&5S8W)I8F5D(&)E;&]W+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M96EG:'0Z







@
M*%-I9VUA*2!A;FYO=6YC960@:71S(&EN=&5N=&EO;B!T;R!T96YD97(@9F]R






M;F=E+B`@07


3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q
M-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N

M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL


@9G)O;2!E





M

T0Q


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M



M




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P


G!X.V)O

#`P






M





38P.SPO9F]N



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC


M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E1W96QV92!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P



T1F


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X




F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ






M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M
C@L(#(P

T1V97)T:6-A



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\




M
CDL(#(P
3

T1V97)T:6-A



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


7!X

M8F]L9#L^07!R:6P@
CD@+2!397!T96UB97(@
C8L(#(P
3


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT



M




T1F


CDL(#(P
3(\

T1V97)T:6-A



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M
#L@<F]W



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0Q

M

M86X]





M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



M



M




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


3X\





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



P
#`P

2!C;VQS







G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T







3!P=#L^*#`N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X


M



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B







3!P=#L^
C4N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




3!P=#L^26YT97)N871I;VYA;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


M


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC

M

M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ





3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXH


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXP+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P

P
#`P


P
#`P




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC


G!X

M/3-$



P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

M93HQ






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





P
M
#`P







#`P
#MP861D

M




M;&4]



P
#`P


3X\9&EV






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P

G!X.W!A

#`P
M

#`P







M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

M






'!T.SXP+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P









M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P





#`P

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B
M;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M:'0Z







M=&EO;G






'!T.SX@:6YC;'5D97







#$R+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




39P

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL



M93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



M;VYT:'

M;&4]


38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O





M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM






M





38P.SPO9F]N



M;&4]







M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#



38P.SPO9F]N


M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z



T1T

3!P=#L^)B


G!X





38P.SPO



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE












M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT




2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

2!C;VQS





'!T.SX\9F]N




G!X


'!T.SX\9F]N




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M










M





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS.#DN.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R;W=S








M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.SXQ


F4Z,3!P=#L^
M*#<Q+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT.C(P


3!P=#L^)B


G!X





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





M;W`Z


M:'0Z


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


3!P=#L^)B



M


M.VAE:6=H=#HR


38P.SPO9F]N






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

M8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SXR

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ












M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ







M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^)B

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M)B




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N












M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]





M
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.SXY,3,N,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



G!X

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\










B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M
BPP-3$N



B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D






M/3-$





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^.3DY+C`\+V9O


2!C;VQS



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV



3X\9&EV


M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*








]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'



T1T;W`^


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D%#0U)5140@15A014Y315
@04Y$($]42$52($-54E)%
M3E0@3$E!0DE
251)15

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O




@04Y$($]42$52
M($-54E)%3E0@3$E!0DE
251)15

T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ-G!X




M


3!P=#MW:61T:#HY.2XT




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




G!X.R!R




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


T1N;VYE+SXR

P
#`P







M



M




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




'!T.SX\9F]N


\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


T1F

'!T.SXR.34N
3PO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,C(N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT









B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ

M





M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V







M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXV-XW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS






M:'0Z







G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[











M(S`P
#`P





3!P=#L^

M;&4]

7!X




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




T1F;VYT+69A


#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXW-#4N
#PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


P
#`P

M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV,S(N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O


MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

&8X9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED
C1?93!A8C@X-SAA.#4Q
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4R9#!F.&0X7V5B-F)?


30N:'1M






M86X]

#$T





M97


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M


T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ

T0G

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R


M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[



M



#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV



M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V,#LR.2P@/&)R(&-L96%R
M/3-$;F]N92\^,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S

G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\









3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ+#`R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA




'!T.SX\9F]N


L(&1U92!*=6QY(#(P


!M:6QL:6]N(#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXU
3DN
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



G!X



3X\

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]







M9&5N=#HM


T1F;VYT




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^-#`P+C`\


2!C



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



6QE/3-$

M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXR
#`N
#PO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\











G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXF(S@R








3!P=#L^4V5C=7)I=&EZ871I;VX@1F%C:6QI='DL('1H92!L96YD97(G

S`E('!L=7
@


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXQ
#4N


RXQ
R4L(&1U92!*86YU87)Y(#(P
34@=&AR;W5G:!-
M87)C:`R


T0R


#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ
3`N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\







B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

M;VTZ


M



!S;VQI



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P
M




P
#`P




#`P


M;VTZ



M



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M

G!X

M/3-$


M:60@(S`P
#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M93HQ



P
#`P
#`[



#`P
#MB;W)D97(M=&]P

#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




P
#`P

M




P
#`P





M+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M92UH96EG:'0Z



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXL(&5X:7-T:6YG(&QO




#(R($YO=&5S(&%N9`R,#$W($YO=&5S+B`@/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ







S(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-38E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I



R!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z









G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC



7!X
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXS
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#L^-3`Q


M



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^




M;W`Z


3!P=#L^








M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ

T1V97)T





M

3(P




38P.V)I;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T



C(@3F]T97
I+B!7

F4Z,3!P=#L^+!A9G1E<B!U;F1E<G=R:71I;F<@9&ES8V]U;G1S

C`R

C`Q
BX@



#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD
3@N

F4Z,3!P=#L^+7EE87(@;&EF92!O9B!T
M:&4@;F]T97,N/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
M,'!T.SY$=7)I;F<@=&AE('1W96QV92!M;VYT:',@96YD960@07!R:6P@,CDL
M(#(P,3(L('=E(')E9&5E;65D('1H92!R96UA:6YI;F<@/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT

38P




M960@;F]T97
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M<W1Y;&4Z
M:71A;&EC.SXR,#$S($YO=&5S(&%N9`R



C`Q
BP@



M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXD
3$N
!M:6QL:6]N/]F




M
C(@3F]T97




#$S
M(@R,#$S($YO=&5S*2!A;F0@86YY(&%N9!A;&P@;V8@;W5R(&]U='-T86YD
M:6YG(#(P
30@3F]T97
@*'1H92!*=6QY(#(P
3(@5&5N9&5R($]F9F5R*2X@
M5&AE($IU;'D@
C`Q

#$T($YO=&5S
M('=I=&@@9F%C92!V86QU97


#`P
#`P

3`U+C`F(S$V




38P.VUI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T

C`Q
BP@=V4@97AE


#$T($YO=&5S(&%N9!P86ED(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



@82!R

L('=E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@;&]S
F4Z
3!P
M=#L^)#$R


M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
6QE







F4Z,3!P=#L^(&]F(&]U<B`R,#$W($YO=&5S
M(&%N9`R

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXN/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






3!P=#L^



3!P=#L^

CL\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

M


3(P





'!T.SY);B!*=6YE(#(P
3$L('=E(')E9FEN86YC960@;W5R


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93L^)#$N






'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P







'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




T1F

'!T.SX@*'1H92!396-U












'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P



M;6]U;G0@;V8@8W)E9&ET('1H870@:7
@879A:6QA8FQE(&9R;VT@=&EM92!T

@82!R97-U


M86YC97





M=&]M87)Y(&-O;F1I=&EO;G
@87)E(&UE=X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
6QE/3-$




#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS




#`P



M
#`P

24)/4B!P;'5S(#(N-S4E








@=&AA;B`R+C4@=&\@



M


M
3!P=#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-F9F9F9F8[/G-E8W5R960@8GD@82!F




3!P=#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-F9F9F9F8[8V]L
M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#DN-R8C
38P.VUI




M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




'!T.SY4:&4@=6YA;6]R=&EZ960@86UO=6YT(&]F
M('1R86YS86-T:6]N(&9E97
@:6YC=7)R960@:6X@8V]N;F5C=&EO;B!W:71H








'!T.SXD
M











39P

3!P=#MB86-K9W)O



@=&AE(')E8V5I


@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@;W5R(&-O;G-O;&ED871E

M;W5N='

M;W5R(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!B86QA;F-E('-H965T+B!(;W=E=F5R+!T:&4@
M86-C;W5N='




#$T


3!P=#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-F9F9F9F8[/BP@=&@\+V9O


M93HQ

#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#8V



M:'0Z











'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P






#$Q+!W:&EC:!W97)E(&)E:6YG(&%M


M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



T1F;VYT




M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=&4@8W)E9&ET(&9A8VEL:71I97

M;F4[/B0Q+C4F(S$V





#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#$N
R8C
38P.V)I;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T
M.SXN(%1H97-E(&9A8VEL:71I97



M(&9E97

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

N





'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P




#4N-!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

T1F;VYT+69A


3!P=#L^

@3F5W

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




#`P
M


M/C4N




#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^-XY)3PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
F4Z,3!P=#L^,C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M

C`Q
SPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


C`Q


M/G1W96QV92!M;VYT:'
@96YD960@07!R:6P@
C@L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T



'!T.SYT=V5L=F4@;6]N=&AS(&5N9&5D($%P

F4Z,3!P=#L^)#<U.2XS)B,Q-C`[;6EL;&EO
M;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


C8L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^


M



'!T.SYT=V5L=F4@;6]N=&AS(&5N9&5D($%P

3!P=#L^

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N




M

#$S



3!P=#MC

#`P

M

M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M9#L^4F%B;V)A;FL@5&5R;2!

3!P=#L^)B

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M



'!T.SX@=&5R;2!L;V%N('=I=&@@4F%B;V)A



#`P
M


@
R4\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T

M93HQ

[(&EN8W5R(&1E8G0[



2XP(&-O;6UE

C`Q


M;W1T;VTZ

3!P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M:'0Z





'!T.SY);B!*=6QY(#(P

M/B0T
#`F(S$V




M=64@2G5N928C
38P.S
P+`R,#$S(AT:&4@0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@3F]T97
I

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





@


'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE
M.SXQ-RXV)B,Q-C`[;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M





F4Z
3!P

#`P

Q

@;V8@;W5R(&-O;6UO;B!S


M







3!P=#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-F9F9F
M9F8[/DEN($]C=&]B97(@
C`Q


F4Z
3!P=#MB

@;V8@=&AE('=A



0T*



]

M:60]


]
T1T:#Y$96



]
T1T97AT

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^3$5!4T4@3T),24=!5$E/3E,L($-/34U)5$U%3E13($%.1!'54%204Y4


3!P

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
6QE/3-$




M96%S97




F4Z




M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



M
C8L(#(P
3




M

'!T.SYT=V5L=F4@





M
C`Q

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N














3X\

2!C;VQS


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

7!X('-O



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^
C`Q-3PO9F]N=#X\



M;W1T;VTZ


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
!S



P
#`P


M

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^
S(N-SPO9F]N=#X\


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B








G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXR

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1V97)T:6-A





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





T0R


#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM







M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


P
#`P




#`P







M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P

#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R






@

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ


@=V%S(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1F

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#(T

M;&4]

'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P






3!P=#L^)#$N

M





'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

L(&]F('=H:6-H('=E(&%R92`U


C`Q
M


C`Q

M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

@96YD960@07!R:6P@
C@L(#(P
3
\+V9O


M93HQ

T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SYT=V5L=F4@;6]N=&AS(&5N

M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P







3!P=#L^(&%S(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F
M(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q

38P

3(P)3MT

3!P=#L^5V4@:&%V92!P



@86YD('1H96ER(&9A8VEL:71I97



M;G

@8F%S960@;VX@879A:6QA8FQE

@86YD(&EN=&5R

S(E
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-38E
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ





R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X



T1F;VYT+69A



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B








G!X






'!T.SXQ+#4R-XS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR



M



M




G!X







M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R







M;&4]

'!T.SXR
#$X


M







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR
M




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L




'!T.SXF(S$V

39P

3!P=#L^07
@;V8@


3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V


3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^



3!P=#L^5V4@:&%D(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

@


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V



39P

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E




M:6YC;'5D960@:6X@=&AE(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!B86QA;F-E('-H965T(&%S
M(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[



M;V)L:6=A=&EO;G
@9&5P96YD:6YG(&]N('1H92!P97)F;W)M86YC92!O9B!T



M=XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.C$R

'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY$96-E;6)E<B8C,38P.S(X+`R
M



@4RY!+B8C
38P.VEN(&-O;FYE8W1I





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\U
F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E
&%B.#@W.&$X-3$O




]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(X+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@




]

M92UH96EG:'0Z



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W1E


T1F

'!T.SY);F-O;64@=&%X

@;V8@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9SHF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A

3`P)3MB;W)D97(M8V]L



M



T0Q



T0Q

T0Q)2!R



T0Y)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X



T0Q

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S


#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



C`Q

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




M;&4]



P
#`P








M





M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z





38P.SPO





M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




G!X.R!R;W=S



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



P
#`P

M






'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ


M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


















3X\9&EV



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

6QE/3-$=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ

T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXX






T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M


M;&4]


M+C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M


M;&4]


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD



M
#`P



3!P=#L^



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXU+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ




T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D









M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ


P
M
#`P





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

#`P
#`P



3!P=#L^
38N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



P
#`P




M
3!P=#L^.#(N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T









P
#`P

M




B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$









M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O










3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M




T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

M9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT


3PO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT







T1F;VYT+69A




M



3X\



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY3=&%T93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR-BXT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^




P
#`P

3X\9&EV







T1F;VYT


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


XU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




M;W1T;VTZ


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




P
#`P



#`P



3!P=#L^
XV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T

P
#`P
#`[)R!R




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M93HQ




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^-C(N
#PO9F]N

'!T.SX\9F]N




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^
30N-3PO9F]N

'!T.SX\9F]N




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

#`P
#`P



3!P=#L^*#
N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





M:'0Z





38P.SPO




M:60@(S`P
#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K




3!P
M=#L^.3`N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M93HQ


M93HQ




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P

M/3-$



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


2!C;VQS





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^






M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-S(N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


'!T.SX\9F]N






T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




M
SDE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@




T0Q

T0Q)2!R;W=S



T1V


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M


38P.SPO9F]N


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E1W96QV92!-;VYT:',@16YD960\
M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A


#MB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HQ<'@@<V]L:60@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C








M;W`Z





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S







G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3(\+V9O;G0^






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY&




M





38P.SPO9F]N




#`P


M
3!P=#L^
S4N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D









M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


U+C`\+V9O;G0^


G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M



M;VTZ








M;W`Z


M



'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY3
M=&%T92!I;F-O;64@=&%X97




M/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





2!C;VQS


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


G!X.R!R;W=S





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X











G!X.R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,RXT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





M/3-$


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]









#`P


3!P
M=#L^



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXH
XR/]F




M/3-$




G!X



3X\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





2!C;VQS



G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXH


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X.W!A


3!P

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SY.970@8VAA;F=E(&EN('9A;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO=V%N






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V







3!P=#L^*#`N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B






M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG



7!X('-O
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH
M
3`N


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B












38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXH
XY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





M/3-$



M:'0Z







G!X.R!R;W=S



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





2!C;VQS





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


G!X.R!R





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M;W`Z


M






M








T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N

'!T.SX\9F]N








M



M;VTZ








G!X


3!P=#L^


M




M

#`P




3!P=#L^*#`N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH




M93HQ




M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^*#(N



M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M





'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M





M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^)B
X





M:'0Z





38P.SPO



M:60@(S`P
#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P
M=#L^



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
#`[


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P

P
#`P



P
#`P

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC




M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT











M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z

G!X

F4Z
3!P=#L^
S$N
SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



P
#`P
#`[


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ.2XW/]F;VYT/CPO







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P








M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P





3!P=#L^
S(N

P
#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L
M93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N

M









3!P=#L^(&%S(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P

T1F

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3

M;&4]

'!T.SXL(')E






T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T.W=I
M9'1H.CDY+C0Q-#`V

M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Y(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q


2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R


M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[



M



#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV



M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V,#LR.2P@/&)R(&-L96%R
M/3-$;F]N92\^,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S

G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT






R!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,C(N,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ-C`N.#PO9F]N=#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^5&%X(&-R961I=',L(&-A<G)Y9F]R=V%R9',@86YD(&YE=!O


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\9&EV('-T


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^06-C



M;'-P86X]




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V








M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V









G!X



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O











M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR-BXX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^
C@N



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


P
#`P




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




P
#`P
M









#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L






M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A





M
3!P=#L^*#

T0G=F5R


M





P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N



#`P
#`P.V)A










M=#HV


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS

P
#`P








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXS
M
C`N

P
#`P
#`[






M;VTZ



M/3-$



M969T.C




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




M


3!P


M93HQ










T1F;VYT+69A



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT,34N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^1&5R:79A=&EV
M97




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C




V





M;&4]

'!T.SY);G9E

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC







M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

M;&4]

'!T.SXV-2XV








3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT


#`P



F4Z

T1F

'!T.SXY-S(N-3PO9F]N

P
#`P
#`[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M






3!P=#L^)B

M:&5E='
@87


3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q
M-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N


M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





M



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



T1N;VYE+SXR
#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT

M;VQD.SXH:6X@;6EL;&EO;G






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY0



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M;VTZ










M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ

M





M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL


#M686QU871I


M='




'!I<F%T:6]N<RX@(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



C`Q





3!P=#L^





N)B



M97
@97AP:7)E(&9R;VT@





3!P=#L^)#$Q



M8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P

T1F;VYT

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB
M97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q




M(&9O;&QO=W


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P
M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M



M




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


38P.VUI;&QI;VYS*3PO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

7!X('-O;&ED



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



F4Z

T1F








M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

'!T.SX\9F]N



G!X.R!R;W=S



G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^0F%L86YC92P@07!R:6P@
C@L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL



M


M








M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


@=&%K96X@


T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M871U=&4@;V8@;&EM:71A=&EO;G

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]












M



'!T.SY!9&1I=&EO;G
65A<CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B










G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SY!9&1I=&EO;G





G!X








M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^*#$N-SPO9F]N






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB




M
3!P=#L^*#$N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^0F%L86YC92P@1&5C96UB97(@
C@L(#(P



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R

M+BP@86YD(&%R92!S=6)J96-T('1O(&5X86UI;F%T:6]N(&9R;VT@=F%R:6]U




T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M




M
#`P

38P.S(Y



3!P=#L^)#`N

3!P=#L^(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

3!P=#MB86-K9W)O





3!P=#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-F9F9F9F8[/B0P+C4@;6EL



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SYI;F-O;64\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T





M










#`P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

F4Z,3!P=#L^:6YC;VUE/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T

#$R




M

#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V




M92XF(S$V






@86YD(')E;6%I;B!S
M=6)J96-T('1O(&5X86UI;F%T:6]N('5N=&EL('1H92!S=&%T=71E(&]F(&QI










38P.S(Y+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CQF




38P.S(X+`R,#$T/]F



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X



3!P

3(P






3!P=#MC

#`P

M:'
@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
CDL(#(P
3

M

'!T.SXL('1H92!#

M;64@=&%X97

@;V8@=&AE(&=R;W5P(&)Y('1H






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\U
F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E
&%B.#@W.&$X-3$O




]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

]
T1T



]



M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E!%3E-)3TX@04Y$($]42$52(%)%5$E214U%3E0@4$Q!3E
\



M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

F4Z,3!P=#MC;VQO
M<CHC,#`P,#`P.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[=&5X=UD96-O<F%T:6]N.FYO
M;F4[/E!%3E-)3TX@04Y$($]42$52(%)%5$E214U%3E0@0D5.149)5!03$%.
M4SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N


3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ


M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M


T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W1E


T1F

'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W



4[=&5X=UA;&EG







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Y
M(')O=W-P86X]

T0Q)2!R;W=S



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M/3-$



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0S('-T


#`P

M

M=W-P86X]



38P
M.S(Y+`\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M












M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




3X\

M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^.#0N



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



'!T.SX\9F]N



'!T.SX\9F]N




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M;W1T;VTZ






M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T






M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B











M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT









T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^06-T=6%R:6%L







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^
C4T+C`\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M




T1V









G!X









3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ

F4Z,3!P
M=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^
XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L




M;'-P86X]


#`P

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q





M/3-$



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





I/]S=7`^/]F


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





M





3!P=#L^
2PQ



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








M







M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.SXS-XW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]









M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M;VTZ






M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M0F5N969I='



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M;VTZ






M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

F4Z
M,3!P=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@
M(S`P
#`P

M






M





38P.SPO9F]N




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I






M93HQ



T0R('-T


#`P

M


M;&4]


M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM










M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^*#8P

M;&4@(S`P
#`P




#`P












T1F;VYT


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


S`N
CPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B



G!X



3X\













M

'!T.SY.970@;&]N



3X\9&EV

M


3!P


M93HQ



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







M



M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV







M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH
M









M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S@R



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


M/3-$

P
M
#`P




P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T






#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


S`N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
M
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([
M)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q

M;&4]



M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M=7`^)B
6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N=US



@1&5C
M96UB97(@
S`L(#(P
3


M.'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN
M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q
SPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M93TS1'=I9'1H.C

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]




6UE;G1S(&9O<B!O=7(@
M9&5F:6YE9!B96YE9FET('!E;G-I;VX@<&QA;G
@9'5R:6YG('1H92`\+V9O












C`Q

38N
M
28C

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL
F4Z.'!T.SXD
C8N
M


M

M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ






M

&-L=61E
M<R!T:&4@87-S971S(&%N9!R96QA=&5D(&%C=&EV:71Y(&]F(&]U<B!N;VXM

F4Z.'!T.SXD,3`W+CD@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^(&%N9`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]


C0N

M.SX@87


38P.S(X+`R,#$T/]F

M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V,#LR.2P@,C`Q
M,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

M;G

@:6X@=&AE(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

C`Q-#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^+B`@5V4@;6%D92!N;R!C87-H(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G
@=&\@;W5R

@:6X@=&AE(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^=&AR964@
M;6]N=&AS(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#(Y+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

RXS)B
Q-C`[;6EL;&EO;CPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M
M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN/]F

F4Z,3!P=#L^5&AE
M(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&)E;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A=&EO;B!F;W(@86QL(&1E9FEN
M960@8F5N969I=!P96YS:6]N('!L86YS('=A<R`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4]

'!T.SXD
2XW




M



M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P

T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3

T1F



M86QL)B
Q-C`[;V8@;W5R)B

M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



@:6YD:6-A=&5D.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ-G!X

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

R.#$R-24[


M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M8F]L9#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


T1N;VYE+SXR


G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



G!X.W!A

T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH:6X@;6EL;&EO;G


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^56YR



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M93HQ

T1V


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





38P

3(P)3MP

M





M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#0N-SPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[=&5X



M9#HF(S$V







M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M



M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#


M;VTZ


M;VYT:'

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A9&1I


F4Z.'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P


M



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R

M-BP@
C`Q

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T



P
#`P








G!X.R!R






M8F]L9#L^*&EN(&UI;&QI;VYS*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R




2!C





'!T.SX\9F]N




G!X


'!T.SX\9F]N




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


#`P









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M










T1F;VYT



M;&4]

'!T.SXS-RXT



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




M;W1T;VTZ

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
C$N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T






G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P








M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q






2!C;VQS



P
#`P



M9RUT;W`Z








M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]





G!X.R!R









M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^3F5T(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO9F]N


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ









M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
#`[)R!R


M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I










38P

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M:'0Z




#`P
#`P.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`P
#`P

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG



7!X('-O



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

M

'!T.SXF(S@R
3([














M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P



3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,2XY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A













M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P



3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU-RXR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





3!P=#L^)B


@3F5W


T1W:61T





M9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XH
2D\+W-U


T1V97)T:6-A







T0P(&-E



M9'1H/3-$-#8E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$




M



T0X



T0X)2!R




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M9&5R+6QE9G0Z

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E1W96QV92!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+V9O;G0^




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M9#L^1&5C96UB97(@
C@L(#(P

M;&4]

B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






CDL(#(P
3

M;&4]



P
#`P

3X\9&EV





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M9#L^07!R:6PF(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

38P.S(Y+`R,#$R/]F






M





38P.SPO9F]N




#`P


M
3!P=#L^-2XS
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\





M







3X\




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z












3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY$


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




G!X.V)O

#`P



3!P=#L^-2XS


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI







M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\







3!P=#L^-RXR-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT



M



M










T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N



M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXT












T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M.C$R






M97


@=&AE('!R97-E;G0@=F%L



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M;V-A=&EO;G
L(&%S('=E;&P@87





3!P=#MC

#`P

M





M93HQ

3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P

BXQ
24\+V9O;G0^


M




3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY0










@=&\@;6%N86=E('!L86X@:6YV97-T;65N='



N)B




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



M=VEN9R!T86)L92XF(S$V








T0Y)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P



G!X




G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M
#LR.2P@/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








M





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E

M;&EO;G






M9G0Z


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SY#87-H(&%N9!C87-H(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S+!N970@;V8@=6YS971T;&5D







T1F




2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M






M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\








M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


P+34P)3PO





M86X]






3!P=#L^-34U+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXU


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M





'!T.SXS-2TU-24\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^06QT97)N871I


T0R


#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXY-BXX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P

M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R


#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M



'!T.SXU+3(P)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT





P
#`P


3X\9&EV

M
#`P

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^




P
#`P
M







P
#`P


M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I
M;VXZ;F]N93L^



'!T.SXF(S@R

3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P


M='

M93HQ




M;&4]

'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P


M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

S(E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-38E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF


M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M93HQ

T0G



M;W`Z
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXR








M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXR

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X.R!R;W=S





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^
C`Q.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X.R!R;W=S






T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M


C`M
C`R-#PO


M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^-3$Q+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO

3!P=#L^)B
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
M;&0[/DUU;'1I96UP;&]Y97(@1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA
M;G,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M96EG:'0Z






L(&EN('1H92!F;VQL


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






@8V]N=')I8G5T960@=&\@82!M=6QT
2!B92!U<V5D('1O
M('!R;W9I9&4@8F5N969I='



@


T1W





M/3-$


3(P

3!P=#L^268@82!P








T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M93HQ

CL\+V9O;G0^











M

#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L



3!P=#L^
M)B


[/B)2960F(S@R
C$[(%IO



'!T.SXF(S@R
3([4&QA;B!H87


F(S@R







3L@:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H('1H
M92!R97%U:7)E;65N='
@;V8@=&AE($E20RX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\
M+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




3!P=#L^)B
Y-C0R.SPO9F]N


C$[(%IO;F4\+V9O;G0^


M
'!T.SXF(S@R
3([4&QA;B!H87






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ
3I4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[


M86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@





M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
6QE/3-$



3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^5&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!T86)L92!S=6UM87)I

@



M

M





M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ


M92!-;VYT:'

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ




M





38P.SPO9F]N


T1F;VYT

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P






#$T


P
#`P


M




CDL(#(P
3
\+V9O




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#$S

P
#`P






CDL(#(P
3(\



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1F;VYT+69A


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M





38P.SPO9F]N


M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I



#`P





M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



3!P=#L^-3$M-C`U-3DR
B`O(#`P
M


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


SPO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^
XY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M






3X\





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


3PO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B







\+V9O




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


M

'!T.SXS-BTV
#4R
M


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXP+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V








M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O






G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^24%-($YA=&EO;F%L


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




S$R
M.34@+R`P

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
XQ/]F;VYT



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^
XQ/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V





C`Q.#PO9F]N=#X\



@=&\@;75L







M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



P
#`P

2!C;VQS







G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

#`P
#MP861D


7!X
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P













M:'0Z





38P.SPO

P
#`P


G!X




M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


P
#`P

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C




'!T

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ










M86UI;'DZ5&EM97





M

M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US
M:7IE.C5P=#XH

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@





M97


M


3X\+W1D/CQT



M86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XH
M


T1V


M='

M97(@
C`Q-2P@36%Y(#(P

C`Q.!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(@
M,C`Q.X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
6QE/3-$9F]N









T1F;VYT

'!T.SXL(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#$U+C`@;6EL

#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#$S+CDF(S$V




M;&4]

'!T.SXL('1H



'!T.SYT:')E92!M;VYT:'
@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
CDL
M(#(P
3




T1F

'!T.SYF:79E(&UO;G1H

C`Q




#`P


F4Z
M,3!P=#L^(P@<F5S<&5C=&EV96QY+B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ-G!X


M

'!T.SY792!A;'-O















]

]
T1T97AT

]

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M:7-I=&EO;G



















#`P


#`P
















'!T.V)A



M



M93HQ


M

M

3!P=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY3=&]C:RU87-E9!#;VUP96YS871I;VX\+V9O;G0^

M;W1T;VTZ

3!P
M=#L^1'5R:6YG(#(P
30L(%=(($=R;W5P(&%D;W!T960@82!S:&%R92!I;F-E



@

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



#`L

3!P=#L^('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO
M;G




3!P=#L^)#DN
M




#$T+B`@5&AE(')E;&%T960@



M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



@


30\+V9O;G0^


M

M9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH



'!T.SXZ





3!P

M


T0Q


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0R('-T


#`P

M

M=W-P86X]





M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P



M


C@L(#(P
30\+V9O






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


G!X













3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


CL\


F4Z
M,3!P=#L^4FES:R!F<F5E(&EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T
M9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N








G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B








3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([
M)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
M
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q

M



M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M)B
6QE
M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N=US:7IE





6EE;&0@=V%S('1H92!S


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O



T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\
M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[=&5X



T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M

M9RUT;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O




M86X]

T0Q


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL





M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF









38P







M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


F4Z





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA




M;W`Z


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@





#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]





G!X.V)O


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B














M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T




M
#`P



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M
38P+#4P

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







3!P=#L^-BXR
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M





38P.SPO9F]N



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


P
#`P




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV+C(P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]





M





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/D]U='-T86YD:6YG(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#(X+`R,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

2PT
#`L

M;&4@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;VTZ










3!P=#L^-BXR
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M;W1T;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B







M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


'!T.SX\9F]N






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ










38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R


G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M





'!T.SXF(S@R






M


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S@R



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M;VYS(&=R86YT960@9'5R:6YG(#(P



3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.SX@2$M$*2X@($%S(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M

#$T








3!P=#L^1'5R:6YG('1H92!T=V5L=F4@;6]N=&AS(&5N9&5D

#`X($EN8V5N=&EV92!#
M;VUP96YS871I;VX@4&QA;B`H=&AE($EN8V5N=&EV92!0;&%N*2P@=VAI8V@@




M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



L('=H971H


L(&EF(&%N


M='


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M86P[/B0X
M
BXQ)B




M87


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXD
BXP(&UI;&QI;VX\




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

2XP(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T





3!P=#L^
F4Z,3!P=#L^='=E;'9E(&UO;G1H<R!E;F1E9!!<')I
M;`R.2P@,C`Q,CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN



M93HQ
'!T.SXD




F4Z,3!P=#L^9FEV92!M;VYT:',@96YD960@4V5P
M=&5M8F5R(#(V+`R


3!P=#L^+!T:&4@/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT
F4Z,3!P=#L^
M='=E;'9E(&UO;G1H<R!E;F1E9!!<')I;`R.P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N


@96YD960@07!R
M:6P@
CDL(#(P






M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

C`Q
M






T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E

F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M=&5S(AS964@3F]T928C,38P.SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M










M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P







M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY792!A;'-O('-O;&0@=V%R


@9F]R('1O=&%L('!R;V-E


#`P
#`P

S8N-R8C
38P.VUI;&QI;VX\+V9O


M93HQ





'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





3!P


L.#DT+#0W

@;V8@;W5R(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!T;R!T









3!P
M=#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-F9F9F9F8[8V]L;W(Z(V9F
#`P
#L^(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M;64@8F5N969I='







M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



T1F;VYT







M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z









M:6=H=#IA=71O.W=I9'1H.C$P

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M









38P



P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ


#`P



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






M1&5C96UB97(F(S$V

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


T1N;VYE+SXR

P
#`P



G!X

#`P

7!X

M8F]L9#L^07!R:6PF(S$V

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY&




M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M









3X\







T1F;VYT



M;&4]

'!T.SXR-RXS



P
#`P


3X\





G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXI


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL







M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT








B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R

M;W`Z

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L











3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY(


M86X]


#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR-BXT/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]


#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,BXY/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P





3!P=#L^


M


T0R('-T


#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXH


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$





M;&4@(S`P
#`P







P
#`P
#`[






P
#`P


3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z







P
#`P
#`[








3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD

M;VTZ

3!P=#L^
M5&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!T86)L97


M960@;W5T(&]F(&]T:&5R(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE(AL;W-S*3H\
M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M;G0Z

'!X.SX\




3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M



T0T



T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S







M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1F;VYT+69A


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q,2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


T0Q

M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I
6QE/3-$

M

CDL(#(P
3
\+V9O



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT.C$W


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

F4Z.'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D)E9F]R92!487@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T
M9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[<&%D9&EN9RUL

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

P
#`P





#PO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O
M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY


P
#`P


G!X


6QE




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M





38P.SPO9F]N



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N





'!T.SXQ
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O





M9RUT;W`Z












3X\





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M/3-$



M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L









3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V

M93HQ

T1V

F4Z,3!P=#L^,C<N
M,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X

M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z.7!X


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T




M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z.7!X.V9O


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z.7!X.V9O;G0M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[









38P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M





M






M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S@R




M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


CL\+V9O


2!C;VQS



M93MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




@86YD('!R:6]R

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B





M





M:'0Z





38P.SPO





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT







T1F;VYT+69A




M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M;W-S97


T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^








G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXI




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B





B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-2XX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





M/3-$









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]







M93HQ




G!X.R!R;W=S



F4Z
3!P=#L^)B


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





M
#L@<F]W



38P.SPO



G!X



3X\


3!P=#L^)B

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T














G!X.R!R





M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXH
38V+C
\



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M





3!P=#L^*#$P


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[






3X\





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O





M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]

'!T.SXQ
S
N



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT




M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXH








M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXH
2XW


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B





M





3!P=#L^*#$N



M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I







M



G!X.R!R


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^1V%I;G


M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






#`P





M





M


#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXP+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P











M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ





T1T97AT+6%L


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO




3X\



G!X







M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS



P
#`P


3X\





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P



7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M












P
#`P

2!C





M





38P.SPO9F]N

P
#`P






T1F;VYT+69A


#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P
M=#L^-#@N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M




M


#`P
#MP861D:6YG

G!X



T1F;VYT










M:61T:#HQ

M.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

3X\+W1D

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#4E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


@

T1V


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

CD@+2!397!T96UB97(@
C8L
M(#(P
3




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P

3X\9&EV



M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^07!R:6PF(S$V,#LR.P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\


M
T0Q
2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT


#$R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

P
#`P



G!X



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



P
#`P


G!X.W!A


6QE/3-$


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P



T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF

M;&4]



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\







M





38P.SPO9F]N



M;&4]





G!X.R!R








M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



R!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO








T1F







T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P












38P






M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C














T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N




M







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C


M=#HR


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V


R!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV


M93HQ



T0S('-T




M9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q




3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I






M


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z
C!P




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





M+6QE9G0Z



T1O
F4Z
3!P
M=#L^)B



G!X.R!R


M=#HR


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T








T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V








T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R






M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXT+C4\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXH
3(N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US









38P


G!X


3!P=#L^


M


M;W1T;VTZ



M







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\





M/3-$



B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-RXT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




M/3-$












T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXH



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B







T1F;VYT


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXH
3(Y+C4\


M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO





M93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


M93HQ




M
#L@<F]W

M9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




3!P=#L^)B



G!X






M






M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z
C!P




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O
F4Z
3!P
M=#L^)B


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C


M=#HR


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I














M:'0Z





I(&%R




B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^
S(N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z










6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F




M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^



M


3!P


M93HQ


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T






M/3-$





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



M93HQ

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#L^*#
R
M+C


M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D






M/3-$





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z



G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R




M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^.2XR



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^*#$T+C0\+V9O;G0^







M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXH
3`X+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXT




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^*#8V+C
\



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXH-S4N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1V





M



'!T.SXH1V%I;G







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^
XS/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B
X



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N





M










3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.R!R











M9&EN9RUT;W`Z








M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C
N






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





'!T.SXF(S@R









38P



T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S@R




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S@R





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





'!T.SXF(S@R









38P



T1F

'!T.SXR+C0\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M






M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0G=F5R




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT















M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P



7!X('-O
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH

#`P
#MB

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

P
#`P
#`[8F%C



P
#`P
#`[











#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


P
#`P



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P




#`P







#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[



#`P


M
3!P=#L^-C`N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

P
#`P


3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





P
#`P




#`P







#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P

M
#`P




#`P


3!P


M93HQ





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P



F4Z

M

'!T.SXH-#@S+C8\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG



7!X('-O









M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

P
#`P
#`[8F%C






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S




P
#`P
#`[






F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B
M7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E

M


2!R;W=S


544@345!4U5214U%3E13/&)R/CPO

]
T1T:#Y$96








3(P)3MP861D:6YG

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M.C$R







M(AF;W(@87-S971S*2XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R






38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HX




M(&9O;&QO=W
Z)B

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





'!T.SY



!S='EL93TS1=P861D

2!C




M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z








T1V


3!P=#L^)B
Y-C0R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


4[=&5X=UA;&EG


M;&5S('-E=!F;W)T:P@8GD@;&5V96P@=VET:&EN('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E

M.FYO;F4[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P

M;&4]

'!T.SX@86YD

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q



'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT


M



R)2!R



T0U)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


M97(F(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P







M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]


#`P




#`P




M;W1T;VTZ


7!X('-O


R!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M

M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY


P
#`P


G!X




M(S$V


M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


#`P





#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S






M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/DQE=F5L)B
Q-C`[
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P
#`[)R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY,979E
M;8C
38P.S

T0G=F5R=&EC

M


#`P


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P

M





M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]





M(&UI;&QI;VYS*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
#`P

2!C;VQS


M93HQ











M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A







M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B


G!X





38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M





38P

M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M







M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\




G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





M



G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT





M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M;W1T;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O








M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXP+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





3X\9&EV('-T









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


CL\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]






3!P=#L^



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\



3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^-S`N



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




3!P=#L^-S`N
#PO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^-C4N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




B!S='EL


#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^-C4N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT








P
#`P
M














38P

P
#`P


M




M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P











G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;W`Z

#`P



M;&4]


#`P
#MP861D:6YG


7!X('-O
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ
M-#0N

P
#`P
#`[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






P
#`P
#`[



#`P
#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



P
#`P

2!C




P
#`P
M





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
#`P
#`[



#`P


M
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





P
#`P















G!X



3X\



R!S

G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M






T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N















3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY#








M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^
3DN-#PO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS-RXT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M





38P.SPO9F]N


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXP+C$\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXF(S@R








M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


M


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N





'!T.SXF(S@R



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE







B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M


#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N






M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





'!T.SXF(S@R


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


M

'!T.SXP+C(\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T







G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


3!P


M93HQ

M
#`P

G!X

#`P
M


3!P=#L^
3@N
#PO9F]N

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P
#`[






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ


#`P


3!P=#L^


M

#`P
M

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P

F4Z
3!P=#L^
3DN-3PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[)R!R






G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

#`P
#MB

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[)R!R






G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

#`P
#MB

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




3!P=#L^


P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





M;W`Z


#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



P
#`P






M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
M
#`P







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


M




M(S`P
#`P

M

M
#`P


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R

P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
M
#`P







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


M




M(S`P
#`P

M

M
#`P


3!P=#L^
C`N-SPO

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

P
#`P
M





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





'!T

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT




T1F

'!T.SY$97)I=F%T:79E


N($EN('-O;64@8V%S97



M;V1E;'


@=&\@8V%L8W5L871E(&9A:7(@



@;V8@

M8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


T1V97)T



Y-C0R.SPO


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F


T1W:61T:#HT.'!X.R!R








M:'0Z

3!P=#MF

CL\










@86YD($QI





'!T.SXF(S$V

39P

3!P=#L^0V5R=&%I

@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%R92!M96%S=7)E9!A=!F86ER



@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET






3!P=#MB86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-F9F9F9F8[/G!R96QI;6EN87)Y(&%L;&]C871I;VX@;V8@




M;&4]



3!P=#L^)B
X








@



#`P







'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS



S

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#4E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-B4@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

P
#`P



6QE


P
#`P



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT


38P.S(Y+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


P
#`P





F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/DQE=F5L)B,Q-C`[,CPO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O
M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY,979E
M;8C
38P.S

T1V97)T:6-A


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




M

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


M;&0[/DQE=F5L)B
Q-C`[


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P



T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


P
#`P



M:'0Z




M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



G!X.R!R;W=S





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B





M






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^.34N



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





'!T.SXU

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X


3!P=#L^


M


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


G!X.R!R




M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^)B
X


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



M











M;VTZ



M/3-$

'!X


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





M





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M:'0Z


M9&5N.VAE:6=H=#HQ


38P.SPO

M





M/3-$

'!X


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





M





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M:'0Z


M9&5N.VAE:6=H=#HQ


38P.SPO

M





M/3-$

'!X


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





M





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M:'0Z


M9&5N.VAE:6=H=#HQ


38P.SPO


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V






G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SY5+E


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^








T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T








T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V








T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
S`N-SPO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXT-XU/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B
X



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S



M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXF(S@R
3([





M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


'!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^4F5T86EL


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


CL\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^
S8N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$



M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N












M/3-$




B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^)B
X



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ

M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R







M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M




2!C




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M



M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M+C




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXT
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT,BXW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS









M

'!T.SY-86YU9F%C



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


CL\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.SXF(S@R


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXF(S@R

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M

'!T.SX\9F]N





G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXQ
S$N.#PO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




M





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#L^
3
Q+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]

'!T.SXQ
SDN
M



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B










3X\9&EV('-T







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^
3
Y+C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV

M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M





3!P=#L^)B
X



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV



3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


CL\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXS-XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV







G!X



3X\

'!X.V9O;G0M







G!X.W!A





'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C







G!X


M:6=H=#HR


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

R!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!X.V9O;G0M







G!X.W!A





'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C







G!X


M:6=H=#HR


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

R!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!X.V9O;G0M







G!X.W!A





'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C







G!X


M:6=H=#HR


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M






T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N


M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B


G!X





38P.SPO



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S@R


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ.XQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S@R

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^



M





38P.SPO9F]N


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ








M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXF(S@R

M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B










G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,BXV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#L^)B
X
M



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B










3X\9&EV('-T







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^
C
N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B





B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,RXU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT




3X\



3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^,S0S+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





G!X





M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


M


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N





'!T.SXR
#0N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B










M


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A














38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ
3(N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q





M/3-$



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M86X]




M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT


3!P=#L^)B


M




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@



3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z




38P.SPO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P












38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N





M





38P


R!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

R!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ








G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M93HQ

\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V








M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^)B
X









38P

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M





M;VTZ



M/3-$



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D










'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO



M;VTZ



M/3-$



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D










'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO



M;VTZ



M/3-$



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D










'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV



3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


V+C0\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M



3X\




G!X.R!R





38P

M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


R!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US












38P

M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


R!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US












38P

M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


R!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


CL\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXP+CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXF(S@R

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^)B
X









38P




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


3PO9F]N

P
#`P



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



P
#`P




#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




#`P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




#`P

M9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P

P
#`P



#`P
#MB


M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



#`P

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z









3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXW
34N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M




M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#(P-BXV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


W









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXV
M.3@N

P
#`P
#`[




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C




T1F

'!T.SXS.XY/]F;VYT







M



'!T.SXF(S$V







6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M







M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N

P
#`P
M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D











38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N





M











M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P

2!C


#`P

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



P
#`P


M

P
#`P
#`[)R!R




M

3(P

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F;VYT


T1W:61T:#HT.'!X.R!R;W=S






M

3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





M='






@87)E(&%V




M97


M


3X\+W1D/CQT






M

3!P=#MF;VYT

F(S@R

M
3!P=#L^5VAE;B!A=F%I;&%B;&4L('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F(&5Q=6ET



L('-U8V@@87
@97%U
M:71I97



M:71I97

M('-E8W5R:71I97

@8F5E;B!D97)I=F5D








T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



M;FEQ=65S('=I=&@@;V)S97)V86)L92!I;G!U='
@86YD(&-L87-S:69I960@
M87
@3&5V96P@


@=&\@=&AE(&UO



@





L


M;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$




3!P

X
C(V.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M=&%L:6
[/D%L=&5R;F%T:79E($EN=F5S=&UE;G1S)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M('=I=&@@;V)S97)V86)L92!I;G!U='
@86YD(&-L87-S:69I960@87
@3&5V
M96P@







M960N($QE=F5L(#(@86QT97)N871I=F4@:6YV97-T;65N='
@:6YC;'5D92!D









M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E


M








@

@;V8@=')A9&EN9R!M=6QT
M:7!L97

M;&4@=&\@=&AE(&EN=F5S=&UE;G1S('=I=&@@861J=7-T;65N='
@9F]R(&EN








T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M




@:7








'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



M
#`P

38P.S(Y

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C








G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI










38P





#`P


M
3!P=#L^



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

7!X('-O



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



F4Z

M

'!T.SXT
XQ/]F



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




M





38P.SPO9F]N





'!T.SXF(S@R





M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS





G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC




M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

M:'0Z







P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R


#`P
#MB


M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^0F%L86YC92P@1&5C96UB97(@
CDL(#(P
3


M





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI






M;'-P86X]

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T0G=F5R













38P




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C




M:'0Z










3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXF(S@R

M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^*#$P+C

T1V




M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M)B
X



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO


M;'-P86X]


#`P



M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



P
#`P

P
#`P

M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

P
#`P


G!X

#`P



M;&4]


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O



#`P




3!P=#L^
S8N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P

P
#`P

M




M





'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D]T:&5R($9I;F%N





#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
'0M9&5C
M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY$96-E;6)E<B8C,38P.S(Y+`R

3!P

3(P

'!T.SX\9&EV('-T
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[;&EN92UH




3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ
#`E.V)O

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M



T0Q



T0Y)2!R



M


38P.SPO9F]N


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



Q-C`[
CDL
M(#(P
3



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ


7!X('-O;&ED





P
#`P








R!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z









R!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


G!X.W!A9&1I




M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^
BPW.#(N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X


M
3!P=#L^
BPW


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





3!P=#L^
RPQ
C`N
M



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B







3!P=#L^
RPP
C`N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ













]


\


]
T1R





6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M





'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z
M8F]L9#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^4D5,051%1!005)462!44D%.
M4T%#5$E/3E



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B`\+V9O;G0^



Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
30\+V9O;G0^


M

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M/CHF(S$V


3!P=#L^/&1I





M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


38P.S(X+`\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SXR,#$T/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P

M




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



T1V97)T:6-A



@


M;&4]


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

7!X('-O


#`P
#`P

M/3-$


P
#`P


M



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^

M(S`P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






M


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


CPO9F]N

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

M93HQ



T0S('-T




M9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q




3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R




M86X]


M93HQ













M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


P
#`P




3!P


M93HQ

M
#`P





3!P=#L^
XT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


30\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T



'!T.SYT:')E92!M;VYT:'
@96YD960@1&5C
M96UB97(@
CDL(#(P
3

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX@:6YC;'5D92`\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T
M.SXD

3!P=#L^


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


@
M:6X@2D-4($Q
0R`H2D-4*2X@2D-4(&]W;G





C`Q


M/G1W96QV92!M;VYT:'
@96YD960@07!R:6P@
C@L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T



'!T.SYT=V5L=F4@;6]N=&AS(&5N9&5D($%P


M






#`P


M;&4]

'!T.SX@86YD

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N








3!P=#L^(&%N9!T:&4@/]F


Q-C`[;6EL;&EO;CPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD

M

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M)#
N



@

30\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX@
M9F]R(')E:6UB=7)S96UE;G0@;V8@87-S;V-I871E9!F87)M(&%N9!O=&AE

M92UH96EG:'0Z

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M+!,3$,L($]L9!/86L@1F%R;7

N



@=6YD97(@8V]N=')A8W1U86P@


3!P=#L^
C`Q






'0M9&5C;W)A
M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD,2XQ)B,Q-C`[;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL




3!P=#L^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

@96YD960@07!R:6P@
C@L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^


M

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SYT=V5L=F4@;6]N=&AS(&5N9&5D

T1F;VYT

'!T.SXL(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#`N
B!M:6QL







F4Z
3!P=#L^96EG:'0@;6]N=&AS







N(%1H97-E

@9F]R('5S(&]R('!R;V1U8V4@









M97(L($UR+B!-=7)P:'D@:7
@;F\@;&]N9V5R(&$@9&ER96-T;W(@;V8@=&AE




&8X9#A?96(V
M8E\T.6
T7SED
C1?93!A8C@X-SAA.#4Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T

M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V


$5-13X-B`@(`@


]
T1T:#Y$96

M;VYG/E)%1U5
051)3TX@04Y$($-/3E1)3D=%3D-)15






T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M(&=O=F5R;FUE;G0@96YT:71I97
L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!T:&4@56YI=&5D(%-T


#L\+V9O

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

M





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

M

T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ



3
L(#(U(&-O;7!L86EN='
@=V5R


M97!T96UB97(@86YD($]C=&]B97(@
C`Q-X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M871E(&%C=&EO;G


2!P;&%I;G1I9F9S(&%N


@:6YC;'5D
M92!C875S97



@:6X@=&AE


M;&P@
C8@8V%S97
N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&)E;&EE=F5S('1H870@=&AE(&-L










@=&\@8F4@:6YS=69F:6-I96YT(&]R(&5X

@:6YC=7)R960@:6X@


@








MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U
F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y
M8S1?.60R-%]E


T0G




M/3-$


3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'








M0FQO8VM=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV('-T

M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M97

@=VAI8V@@:&%V

L

M(&%R96%S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G
N(`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
6QE/3-$9F]N



M9B`R








M0T]$32D@=FEE=W


M;VTZ

3!P=#L^

M='



C`Q







2X@/]F

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^)B



@;&EV92!H;V=S

M;V1U8W1S(&EN('1H92!5+E






3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A


N('!A8VMA9V5D(&UE871S(&]P97)A=&EO;G


M:V%G960@;65A='

@:6YC;'5D92!S;6]K960@86YD(&)O:6QE




M9'5C='

@


3!P=#L^
BXX(&)I;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^


M






M92!5+E

M;65R;W5S(&9A8VEL:71I97






3!P=#L^

3!P=#L^(&AO9W
@:6X@
C`Q


N(#PO

3(P)3MT97AT

3!P=#L^5&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN

@;V8@2&]G(%!R;V1U8W1I


@:6YD:6-A=&5D.B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


3!P=#L^



T0Q/CPO

T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M

T0Q



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M



#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X


@











3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I


#MB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P

3X\




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P






#$T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




G!X.W!A9&1I


F4Z.'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P


M


M
#`P







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O


Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
M
3



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT

\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\







3!P=#L^.#4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



M





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z










M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

#`P
#`P

F4Z


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US









M9RUT;W`Z





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X


M
3!P=#L^

T1V97)T:6-A


P
#`P



P
#`P

P
#`P



P
#`P

P
#`P


P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N


M
#`P

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I

#`P
M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]











3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


#PO

P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



P
#`P
#`[


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,#`\+V9O;G0^/]D















3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C$P

P
#`P
#`[



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS




3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

2!C


3(P)3MF;VYT
6QE/3-$9F]N

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


#`P


M/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.C$R

M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M;F0L(%)O;6%N:6$@86YD('1H92!5;FET960@2VEN9V1O;2P@;W5R(&EN=&5R










#$T+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^5&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!T86)L92!S


M;65A='

#L^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL<W!A8VEN9STS1#`@



M

T0Q


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


2!C;VQS


T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R





#`P

G!X.W!A

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ


M;VYT:'

T1V97)T









3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


#MB;W)D97(M;&5F=#HQ<'@@<V]L
M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M96QV92!-;VYT:'




M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

M
C`Q

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT



P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D%P<FEL(#(Y+`R


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M4&%C:V%G960@;65A='

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M





3!P=#L^-#$\


M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M







T1F








#`P

F4Z

T1F

'!T.SXT-CPO9F]N=#X\

G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



G!X




M9RUT;W`Z









M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]







F4Z,3!P=#L^/'-U<!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.G1O





#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

P
#`P
#`[






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\




G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT







M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^-3

T1V



P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P


P
#`P

P
#`P


P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[8F%C


P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R


P
#`P


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXE




P
#`P

M





M:'0Z





38P.SPO

P
#`P


G!X

#`P




3!P=#L^

#`P




M








G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,#`\+V9O;G0^/]D





@3F5W(%)O


T1W:61T:#HS





M=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XH

M(S$V


T0G

3I4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


\



M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
6QE





M9VUE;G1S+B!4:&4@:6YF;W)M871I;VX@8V]N=&%I;G
@8V5R=&%I;B!A;&QO


@


M96=M96YT(&%C8V]U;G0@8F%L86YC97
@87




M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M



2!C


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E



M;'-P86X]


#`P




#`P


M



'!T.SXF(S$V




M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P




#`P





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B






M

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





M





38P.SPO9F]N


38P.SPO


R!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T





G!X





M+6AE:6=H=#HQ






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V

M93HQ

T1V





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXQ+#
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O



M/3-$





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^
2PY-C@N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M









3X\




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



P
#`P








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


S





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXH-38N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




B!S



M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,3(N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS



2!C








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P













M;&5F=#HV


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M












3X\





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M










M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


P
#`P
#`[8F%C





\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M(S`P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






'!T.SXH
BPY-C`N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P


3X\9&EV


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

F4Z,3!P=#L^*#<S.2XT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P




M/3-$






M





38P.SPO9F]N

P
#`P


G!X.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXQ-2PP
S$N

P
#`P





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT.C$P


3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


38P.SPO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^-3DN.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





S9P









M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S






T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

G!X

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M93HQ











M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY#;W)P;W)A=&4\




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$

P
#`P








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY#;VYS;VQI9&%T








#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


XX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


P
#`P
#`[





P
#`P

2!C;VQS






G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X


M;CMH96EG:'0Z


T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A





M:'0Z





M93II=&%L:6



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M)B
X



G!X


3!P=#L^


M


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


\+V9O;G0^


G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

'!T.SX\9F]N










T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^*#0X+C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P

2!C






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^0V]N


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P




M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S




P
#`P


M





M:'0Z





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




G!X.W!A9&1I


M:'0Z


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



M





38P.SPO9F]N





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N









M/3-$



M;W1T;VTZ







M


3!P


M93HQ




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^4&%C:V%G960@
M365A='




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXP+C

T1V








M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/3-$

















M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




!S


P
#`P


3X\


#MP

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[)R!R




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!X.V9O


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M




M;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T1V





M













'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#L^)B







M



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]






3!P=#L^.38N






M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S






T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X



G!X.R!R;W=S








G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ-34N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B








M


M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M








B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B@U





T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]











M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

P
#`P
#`[8F%C






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,3$N,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R










3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
M
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R
M.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q

T0G

3I4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R








M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^(&%N9!T


@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
CDL
M(#(P
3





T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

3!P=#L^/&1I

3`P

3

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z







G!X.R!R;W=S




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P










M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R




P
#`P


G!X.W!A


6QE/3-$


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

CDL(#(P
3(\+V9O




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


T0Q
2!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH:6X@;6EL;&EO;G


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E-E9VUE;G0@4')O





M/3-$


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M





38P.SPO9F]N










38P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT








3!P


M93HQ


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O




G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N


T1V97)T:6-A














38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXV+#$U




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^2&]G(%!R;V1U8W1I;VX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


Y+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V







6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

P
#`P


P
#`P


P
#`P

P
#`P



P
#`P






M



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




P
#`P




3!P=#L^
34L

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M






M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M;VTZ



M/3-$



M:'0Z





38P.SPO





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^*#







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXH





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^4&%C:V%G960@365A='
\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXH



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




M86X]






3!P=#L^*#$L
34P+C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXH
BPS.#`N

M93HQ

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

M

'!T.SXH
34N.3PO




M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



P
#`P

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



P
#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




#`P

G!X

M/3-$











38P



T1F

'!T.SXH
BPT.#$N
#PO






M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P

#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




P
#`P





M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C



P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T

7!X('-O






M9RUT;W`Z


M;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT.C$P


3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


38P.SPO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


38P


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]






M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA









M


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R







#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXR.XQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1V97)T:6-A






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^
38N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B










G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS.2XY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]







M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





'!T.SXQ+C

M;&4]

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M




T1T97AT+6%L


CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T



M;VTZ



M/3-$





#MP

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD

#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXR-#(N.#PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[)R!R




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!X.V9O


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M




M;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT.C$P


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#L^)B









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^)B

M.C




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY&


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXH
XR/]F;VYT/CPO




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\


M








M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]







M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M;&4]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,RXP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




2!C;VQS




F4Z,3!P=#L^,3<N
M,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N
M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




M





38P.SPO9F]N










G!X.W!A9&1I







M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ

M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXR.XR/]F;VYT



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





P
#`P

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,3,N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P










M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY#;VYS;VQI9&%T960@:6YT97)E











#MP

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD

#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;W`Z


M.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A





'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W

M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M93HQ






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M







M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXH






M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^*#$N
M

'!T.SX\9F]N





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXH





G!X.W!A












G!X.R!R


'!T.SX\9F]N







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^
XQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A






M



'!T.SXF(S$V








M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXH
3

M93HQ

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


\+V9O






#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P

P
#`P


3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P




#`P







#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[



#`P


M

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P

G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P








G!X


M;CMH96EG:'0Z


T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R



M:&ED9&5N.VAE:6=H=#HQ


38P




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B







M;&4]



G!X







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z




M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXX




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^*#$Q.2XQ


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV



M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O






M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#L^-#(N







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


#$N-#PO9F]N







M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


3`N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT








M












M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



7!X
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXQ
CDN
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


P
#`P




#`P







M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
M-3$Y+C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P

#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




P
#`P




M


T0W

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T0Q)2!R



T0X)2!R;W=S



T1V



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\









3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M


Q
M-C`[

30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



M=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH:6X@;6EL;&EO;G,I/]F




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;W1T;VTZ










3!P=#L^
RPW.#8N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R




M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.SXR+#$T



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M










3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N







M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



#`P
#MB86-K


M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



#`P
#MB


M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M93HQ

\+V9O;G0^




P
#`P
M









G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ






M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N






M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I


3!P=#L^)B



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R
F4Z
3!P=#L^
M)B


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT



M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B





M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L






C`E.V9O


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B





B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ.2XW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B







M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





G!X







'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^







M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





'!T.SXP+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P




#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R



#`P




M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P





M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ


CLF(S@R
M
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([
M)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R

M93TS1'=I9'1H.C

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]







M+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$








F4Z.'!T.SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@
M<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


B!B:6QL:6]N(&]F('1R
M861E;6%R:W

M=&AI;B!#;W)P;W)A=&4N(!!9&1I=&EO;F%L;'DL(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S



Y+C`@
M;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R
M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^(&]F(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@=V5R
M92!H96QD(&)Y('1H92!34%8@86YD(&EN8VQU9&5D('=I=&AI;B!#;W)P;W)A
M=&4@87




Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3
\+V9O



3(P)3MP861D




M875T;SMW:61T:#HY.2XV

M93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R
2!R;W=S


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


T1V97)T:6-A



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X

M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E1W96QV92!-;VYT:'




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B
!S

M;&0[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



R!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




M96UB97(@
CDL(#(P
3

T1V


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


7!X('-O;&ED


M07!R:6P@
CD@+2!397!T96UB97(@
C8L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M
C`Q

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B






M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#





#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


M;F0@4&%C:V%G960@365A='

T1F;VYT+69A


M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P
M=#XF(S$V
#LH

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]





M
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.SXQ,C`N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



G!X

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M/3-$







T1F;VYT



M;&4]

'!T.SXQ-38N



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B







3!P=#L^



3X\

M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXQ
S(N



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^.#DN




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I










T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A





P
#`P

3X\9&EV('-T









G!X




M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



P
#`P




3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P

M/3-$

P
#`P








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




P
#`P




3!P=#L^
S$N
SPO


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M





38P.SPO9F]N

P
#`P


G!X.V)A

M
#`P



M


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD



#`P




3!P=#L^
S`Q+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P





P
#`P
M

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



P
#`P




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C



P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR
M-S@N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

7!X('-O;&ED





!S;VQI




3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C
M.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
M
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ.'!X.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@9F]N



M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M
'!X.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

6QE/3-$;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O



M9V5D($UE871S(&]P97)A=&EO;G
L(&UA;GD@;V8@=&AE:7(@87-S971S(&%R


M8V]M8FEN960@8F%S:7






M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\9&EV('-T
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[;&EN92UH




3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ
#`E.V)O

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]





#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L








T1V




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

7!X('-O


P
#`P



M:'0Z




M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



G!X.R!R;W=S





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I







C`Q
SPO9F]N


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L




G!X.V)A


3!P


M93HQ





'!T.SXQ



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A


3!P

T1V97)T:6-A














38P









M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




M





38P.SPO9F]N


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO



M;&4]



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S@R





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SY86QA;F-E+!397!T96UB97(@
C8L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S










M





38P.SPO9F]N

P
#`P


G!X.V)O


M93HQ

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



#`P

#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




P
#`P


3X\9&EV

M
#`P

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^




P
#`P
M






!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB;W)D97(M

#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


@3F5W(%)O


T1W:61T:#HS





M=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XH

M(S$V



M='
@:6X@


@;F]T('!R86-T:6-A8FQE('1O(&1O('-O+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97





M

M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US
M:7IE.C5P=#XH

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^4V5E($YO=&4@/]F;VYT/CQF





!S='EL93TS1=P861D

2!C




M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M;W`[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^3W1H97(@9V]O9'=I;&P@861J=7-T;65N='

M9&4@=&AE(&5F9F5C='


M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M;W1T;VTZ



M/3-$



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#8E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z




T1F


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



T0S('-T


#`P

M

M=W-P86X]




P
#`P





6QE/3-$

M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM








3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A





M9#L^*&EN(&UI;&QI;VYS*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY3=6-C97-S;W(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@
M<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[<&%D9&EN9RUL969T.C)P








38P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M





M







M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ





T1F;VYT



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





T1F;VYT+69A



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





T1F;VYT+69A



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





M


M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#8R,BXU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P

M9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SY86QA;F-E+!$96-E

C`Q

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
C4N
3PO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M








M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T



C`E


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/3-$














G!X.R!R


'!T.SX\9F]N







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI







3!P=#L^


M


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


M

'!T.SXT+C@\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T






M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


XQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P

G!X.W!A

M





M:'0Z





38P.SPO




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R


M;VTZ



M/3-$

P
#`P






3!P=#L^*#4N





#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P




#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R



#`P



3!P=#L^
2PU
3@N

P
#`P

P
#`P

2!C;VQS





G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

M/3-$



P
#`P


3X\
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I





M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


N.3PO9F]N

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P
#`[





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T




P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


3!P


M93HQ

M
#`P

G!X

#`P
M


3!P=#L^
2PV
C8N
CPO

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

P
#`P
M





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R
M.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C
M.#(Q
CLF(S@R


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO

3(P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

F4Z.'!T.SY0=7)C:&%S92!A




M/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL




4[
M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T1F;VYT+69A








C8L(#(P
3
\+V9O


M93HQ

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SYT=V5L=F4@;6]N=&AS(&5N9&5D

3!P

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S

M





3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M






M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P




#`P

6QE/3-$





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#MB;W)D97(M=&]P

#`P



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X

P
M
#`P


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I





P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



F4Z
M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E-E<'1E;6)E<B`R-R`M($1E8V5M8F5R
M(#(Y+`R


P
#`P


G!X


#`P
M








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED


Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3
\




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X



T1F;VYT+69A









M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

3X\9&EV('-T


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M93HQ

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]





M
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.SXQ,RPT,3@N,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU+#`U,2XX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M






3X\
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
M,'!T.SXQ,2PW.#DN-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



G!X

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\









B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXT



M:'0Z





38P.SPO




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#0S,2XT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^5&]T


T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


M/3-$

P
M
#`P





#`P
#MB86-K

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R




#`P

7!X('-O;&ED



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M;VTZ







#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






7!X('-O;&ED



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M;VTZ






'!T.SXQ
RPR
C$N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P

P
#`P

M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

P
#`P


G!X

#`P



M;&4]


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O



#`P




3!P=#L^
3
L
#DT+C



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

M9VAT.C$R

'!T.SX\9F]N




M(&%R96$@87


3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q
M-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N


M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M;F1E;G0Z

'!X





T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P














38P


#LR.2P@/&)R
M(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY5+E




M/3-$




3!P=#L^-2PT
#(N



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU+#,Y-RXV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C




V





M;&4]

'!T.SY);G1E


T0R


#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXY.38N,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R















M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P







M;&4@(S`P
#`P

G!X






'!T.SXV+#

#`P

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



P
#`P


3X\

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S






M87




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY4


F4Z,3!P=#L^,C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

C`Q
M


C`Q

M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

@96YD960@07!R:6P@
C@L(#(P
3
\+V9O


M93HQ

T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SYT=V5L=F4@;6]N=&AS(&5N

T0T

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P



6QE


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q,2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
#`P
#`[)R!R






G!X.R!R;W=S




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E1W96QV92!-;VYT:'

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A



M
#`P



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R

M;W`Z


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



#`P




G!X.W!A9&1I





#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M9#L^4V5P=&5M8F5R(#(W(T@1&5C96UB97(@,CDL(#(P,3,\+V9O;G0^/]D


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


P
#`P

3X\








M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M8F]L9#L^07!R:6PF(S$V

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


C`Q
CPO9F]N






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C



[/E-A;&5S.CPO9F]N


M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0S('-T



'0M86QI9VXZ


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^52Y3+CPO


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS+#0W-BXT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M/3-$







M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





M


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
2PV
3
N
3PO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\







M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

M/3-$



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ
M+#0S



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X










G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P


G!X.V)A8VMG

#`P
M



T1F


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O



#`P




3!P=#L^
34L
#
Q+C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P




P
M
#`P

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



P
#`P

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M(S`P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P









M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M
F4Z
3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXQ
RPP.30N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

P
#`P


3X\


3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^5&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!T86)L





M







38P.S(Y+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT



3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]








3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




M

M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


T1F;VYT

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#MF;VYT






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU+#0P,BXY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M






M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXQ+#`U



\



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS

P
#`P






P
#`P

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P

F4Z
3!P=#L^-BPT-3`N-SPO9F]N

P
#`P
#`[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T








M86X]

#$T








T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E





M=VED=&@]



M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q



T0V)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S



T1V


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

P
#`P



M
#`P



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M







#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z






G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P



M




M





38P.SPO9F]N






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P
#`[






M:'0Z





38P.SPO



38P.S(X+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D






M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P



M


G!X



3X\







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z








G!X.W!A9&1I

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M



'!T.SXH



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


#`P


M








'!T.SXH-S8N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B






3!P=#L^*#$T





M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





M







M









T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

3X\9&EV



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







G!X.R!R




MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U
F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y
M8S1?.60R-%]E




T1T97AT

M:7

]


]



T1T;W`^455!4E1%4DQ9(%)%4U5
5%
@3T8@3U!%


F4Z,3!P=#MC;VQO
M<CHC,#`P,#`P.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[=&5X=UD96-O<F%T:6]N.FYO
M;F4[/E%505)415)
62!215-53%13($]&($]015)!5$E/3E
@*%5.055$251%

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\9&EV('-T
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[;&EN92UH




3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ
#`E.V)O

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




G!X




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


T1V97)T


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC


M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E1O=&%L/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T




M8F]L9#L^*&EN(&UI;&QI;VYS*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T1V





M






G!X.W!A





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C













M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


L-S`R+C



M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M





G!X.W!A9&1I





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




G!X.R!R




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT-C@N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ











M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS









B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ






T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
C(T+CD\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXY



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXQ
#4N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^,34U+C,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M









G!X





M




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

M93HQ






G!X





M




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1F;VYT+7-I




'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P
3

3!P

M9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH
2D\+W-U




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M93HQ





M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

F4Z,3!P=#L^,RPS
M,S<N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L
M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO








#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXR-3DN
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


C`U+C`\







G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I










T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^.#DN.#PO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ






T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S




M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


T




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXQ
C`N-SPO9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF
M(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
M
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q





M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP


M;&4]

3
@






#$S




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ.'!X.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@9F]N



M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R






M

3!P=#L^3W!E

F4Z,3!P=#L^)#(S+CD@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S




M/3-$



3X\9&EV


3!P=#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$9F]N



'!T.SXD

M97AT4&%R=%\U
F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E
&%B.#@W.&$X-3$-








3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@








]
T1T97AT



M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N=US:7IE

N($%.1!354)3241)05))15,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY604Q5051)3TX@04Y$

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([9F]N=US:7IE


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O;G0M




T0P('-T

M
3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R

M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A




F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT

P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z




T1F



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M=6UN($

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ










M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O

#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD




#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M



T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







C`E.V9O;G0M


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC


M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1E9'5C=&EO;G
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z









G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^4F5S97)V92!F;W(@=6YC;VQL96-T:6)L


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


P
#`P
M



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

G!X


#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

M;VTZ


7!X('-O;&ED



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


T1F

'!T.SY3=6-C97-S;W(\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M+6QE9G0Z


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





3!P=#L^*#`N
CPO9F]N


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SY4:')E92!M;VYT:'
@
M96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
CDL(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]






'!T.SY3=6-C97-S;W(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXP+C$\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXH
XW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


C8L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]




2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXF(S@R









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V








G!X






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I







M



G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,RXX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M




M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



3!P=#L^4')E9&5C97-S;W(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1V97)T:6-A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,2XU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q





M/3-$



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M86X]




M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT


3!P=#L^)B


M




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

C`Q-#PO















T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV






6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL















3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N





'!T.SXH

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

3!P


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


M


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N





'!T.SXQ



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







M





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



#$S



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M/3-$





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


















M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\





G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-RXQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]






G!X.R!R;W=S




M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


G!X






G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT


3!P=#L^)B




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@



3!P=#L^)B

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M



T1O=F5R9FQO
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT


3!P=#L^)B




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@



3!P=#L^)B

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M



T1O=F5R9FQO
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A




M





38P.SPO9F]N



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B










M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B






M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M/3-$








3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SY4=V5L=F4@;6]N=&AS(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#(X+`R,#$T/]F;VYT


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B







T1F;VYT



M;&4]

'!T.SXT
BXS




M;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXS+C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






3X\9&EV






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M/3-$









M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




3X\9&EV('-T










G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

F4Z,3!P
M=#L^,S<N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


CPO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M



G!X.R!R





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P





G!X.R!R






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#L^-#



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


G!X






'!T.SY4=V5L=F4@;6]N=&AS(&5N9&5D($%P


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V




M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]






M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXW+C(\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXH
XT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T1V


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXT



M



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P=#L^


M







3X\9&EV('-T







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A








F4Z,3!P=#L^*#<N
M-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US










M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^-30N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D






M/3-$



3X\9&EV



M;&EG;CIT;W`[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

Q-C`[:6YC;'5D97
@=&AE





M=%\U
F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E










3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
C@L(#(P




@


M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M


T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY);B!*86YU87)Y(#(P
34L('=E

C`R
2!A;F0@
C`R




'!T.SXD



'!T

T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXD
C4X(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O


M93HQ





3!P=#L^




M;V8@


&8X9#A?
M96(V8E\T.6
T7SED

O4VAE970R


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L



3(P)3MP861D:6YG

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D]R9V%N:7IA=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY3

M:61I87)I97
@*)3;6ET:&9I96QD+(@(G1H92!#;VUP86YY+8C.#(R,3L@
M)B,X,C(P.W=E+8C.#(R
3L@)B
X
C(P.W5S)B
X

C`[
M;W5R)B
X


M960@;65A='



M960@365A='



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ


#$S

C`Q
R`H

@;V8@


M(%-U8BP@26YC+BP@82!6:7)G:6YI82!C;W)P;W)A=&EO;B!A;F0@=VAO;&QY


\+V9O


M93HQ






M

6EN9R!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@
M9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N=',@:&%V92!B965N('!R97!A<F5D(&EN(&%C
M8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:!A8V-O=6YT:6YG('!R:6YC:7!L97
@9V5N97)A;&QY









M971H;V0@;V8@86-C;W5N=&EN9RX@5T@@1W)O=7!S)W






@

M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
6QE




]
T1T97AT/CQD


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY#:&%N9V4@:6X@1FES8V%L(%EE



38L(#(P
30L('1H92!#;VUP

M;2!T:&4@-3(@;W(@-3


M8F5R(#(Y+`R,#$S+B`@56YL97-S(&]T:&5R=VES92!N;W1E9P@86QL(')E
M9F5R96YC97
@=&\@

M96QV92!M;VYT:'


3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(@
C@L(#(P
M




M:'


3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q
SPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

S`L(#(P
3(@87)E('!R97-E;G1E

M/3-$


T0Q


M


T0Q


2!C



2!C;VQS



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



R!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$






#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M

M9G0Z




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


7!X('-O;&ED


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B






G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T








M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ




M;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

M=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH:6X@;6EL;&EO;G,I/]F







T1F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXS







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

G!X.W!A9&1I

M+6QE9G0Z

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




3X\9&EV('-T








M;'-P86X]


#`P



M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M

7!X('-O




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z

M9&5R+6QE9G0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXU+#$Y


#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^-RPY-#









G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS-3$N,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M




M
#`P






3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXY-34N


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^







M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^365R
M9V5R(')E;&%T960@8V]S='

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M
C



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


CL\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M97-T;65N='

T1V97)T:6-A


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



P
#`P


3X\

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P

M

P
M
#`P





M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C





M





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1V



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB



T0R




#`P
M


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXQ
CDN
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V






M9RUT;W`Z


#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ








M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^

T1V97)T



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




M;W1T;VTZ




T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

P
#`P

3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`P
#`P

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]





#`P



3!P=#L^-C0N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C













B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z
3!P=#L^
34N.#PO9F]N=#X\



P
#`P

P
M
#`P


P
#`P

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P



#`P



3!P=#L^

P
#`P

#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z












P
#`P
#`[)R!R








3!P

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M='
@:6YC;'5D92!T:&4@86-C;W5N='



M97)C:7-E('-I9VYI9FEC86YT(&EN9FQU96YC92X@5V4@=7-E('1H92!C;W-T

@
M86YD(&%C8V]U;G1S(&AA=F4@8F5E;B!E;&EM:6YA=&5D+B!#;VYS;VQI9&%T
M:6YG('1H92!R97-U;'1S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G


@;F]T(&AA








@:6X@969F96-T(&%T('1H92!B86QA;F-E('-H965T(&1A=&4N(%)E







3!P=#L^)#`N





'!T



3!P=#L^=&AR964@;6]N=&AS(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R

3!P=#L^9FEV92!M
M;VYT:'
@96YD960@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#(V+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T



M.P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R




'!T.SXD-RXT(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX@

@96YD960@07!R:6P@
M
CDL(#(P










M:&5I9VAT.C$R





M97







3(P)3MP861D:6YG

3!P=#L^


M

M='



'!T.SXF(S$V







M:70@86-C;W5N='


]
T1R;SX-



3(P)3MP861D

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D%C8V]U;G1S(%)E8V5I=F%B;&4\



'!T.SXF(S$V




3!P=#L^06-C;W5N='


M9G5L(&%C8V]U;G1S+B!792!R96=U;&%R;'D@979A;'5A=&4@=&AE(&-O;&QE









'!T

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93L^)#
N

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB
M97(F(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M




3!P=#L^+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN/]F;VYT

]
T1P



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M


M;&4]

'!T.SY);G9E

'!T.SX\9&EV('-T
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[;&EN92UH







3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]







G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

M8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SXR

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ












M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



M













'!T.SX\9F]N









M;&4]




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXQ.3$N-CPO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


#MP861D:6YG


G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M;&4]

'!T.SXU.2XT





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

M;W1T;VTZ

3!P
M=#L^3&EV97-T;V-K(&%R92!V86QU960@870@=&AE(&QO=V5R(&]F('1H92!A

M97(@861J=7-T960@9F]R(&-H86YG97
@:6X@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@

@86YD(&]T:&5R
M('!R;V1U8W1I;VX@97AP96YS97
N($9R97-H(&%N9!P86-K86=E9!M96%T


@86YD(&]V97)H96%D+B!!







M86QI9VX]



38P

3(P)3MP

M







@








#`P
#`P


3!P
M=#L^(&%T)B



#`P


38P.S(X+`R,#$T/]F;VYT/CQF



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
30\+V9O;G0^


M

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N






'!T.SXD
F4Z
M

#`P

N



#0N.!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




M93HQ
'!T.SXD
C



M
'!T.SXR










C`Q


@96YD960@07!R:6P@
CDL(#(P
M





M;VTZ

3!P=#L^






#`P
#`P





'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P





M;&4]

'!T.SXL('1H



'!T.SYT:')E92!M;VYT:'
@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
CDL
M(#(P
3




T1F

'!T.SYF:79E(&UO;G1H

#$S






M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1P861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

Q-C`[

P
#`P





F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[
M/E5S969U;!


P
#`P


M






G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M:'0Z8F]L9#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
M
C`Q




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V













M












3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;W9E;65N='

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]







M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^









38P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^.3DV




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V







M;&4]




M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



3!P=#L^

M/3-$






M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T





G!X




M-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^
S0N



M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

3!P
M=#L^
RTQ

B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY#;VYS=')U8W1I


T1V


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ
M


G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O






3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


L



M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ




M








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM








M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+7)I





T1F;VYT+69A






G!X



3X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS<'@@9&]U8FQE


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A

M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P

G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P







M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



T1F;VYT


@;V8@

M:6YI=&4@;&EV97





@;6]R92!L:6ME;'D@=&AA;B!N;W0@=&AA


@:7










M9F]R;6%N8V4@87

M=&EO;G







@;F]T(&-O;G-I9&5R960@=&\@:&%V92!A




@:6UP86ER960@



M:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@9V]O9'=I;&P@:7







M9'=I;&P@:7
@;F]T(&-O;G-I9&5R960@:6UP86ER960N($AO=V5V97(L(&EF


@:7


N)B
Q

M93HQ




38P

3(P)3MP

M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1P861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

'!T.W=I9'1H.CDY+C0Q-#`V

M87!S93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q


M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M9#L^)B


P
#`P



M:'0Z

6QE


P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






M





38P.SPO9F]N


#LR.2P@/&)R(&-L96%R
M/3-$;F]N92\^
C`Q



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M;W`Z




M;VTZ



M/3-$




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV







T1F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXU







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU-2XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXS+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V








M






T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L



M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1V97)T:6-A














38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXT
XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`P
#`P










M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




38P.SPO





P
#`P

M






M





38P.SPO9F]N





#`P


M
3!P=#L^.38N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



M93HQ




M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#,P.2XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]




T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



L(&YE=#PO9F]N














#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


S@P+CD\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
#`P
#`[




'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]




3!P=#L^5&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=65S(&]F
M('1R861E;6%R:W



@
M86YD('1R861E;6%R:W


M=F5D(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S(&5X8V5E9'


M=W




M93HQ




3!P=#L^)#8N.!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXL(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M




'!T.SXD

M;&4]

'!T.SX@:6X@


3!P=#L^












'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


M('EE87)S)B
Q-C`[:7
@97AP96-T960@=&\@8F4F(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXN)B


M9VX]

]

T0G9F]N

39P

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E


3!P=#L^)B

3!P=#MF

@86YD

M:'0Z








M;65T:&]D(&]R(&]T:&5R(&UE=&AO9'



]



'!T


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R












M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



T1F;VYT







]
M

F4@=&AE(&9U;F1E9!S
M=&%T=7
@;V8@;W5R(&1E9FEN960@8F5N969I=!P96YS:6]N('!L86YS(&EN
M('1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E=',N(!792!M96%S=7)E

M('!L86X@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G

@87
@

M;V8@;W5R('!E;G-I;VX@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G
@86YD(')E;&%T960@8V]S='
@
M:7

@86YD(&5S




38P.SPO

3(P)3MP861D

3!P


M93HQ


@;V8@






]


]





3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY396QF

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M86QT:!C87)E(&-O=F5R86=E+B!4:&4@8V]S=!O9B!T:&5S92!S96QF+6EN





#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]D:78^/'-P86X^




M93HQ


M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

F4Z,3!P
M=#L^5V4@87)E('-U8FIE8W0@=&\@;&%W<W5I=',L(&EN=F5S=&EG871I;VYS
M(&%N9!O=&AE<B!C;&%I;7





M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B





M+B!792!D:7-C;&]S92!C;VYT:6YG96YT(&QI86)I;&ET:65S('=H96X@=&AE


M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



T1F;VYT

'!T.SY/=7(@8V]N=&EN9V5N

M=F5N='

M(&]F(&1A;6%G97



M;VPN)B




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5V96YU92!296-O9VYI=&EO
M;BP@4&]L:6-Y(%M0;VQI8WD@5&5X=!;&]C:UT\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]





3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY2


3!P=#L^)B

'!T.SX\9F]N


@=7!O

@;W(@=VAE;B!T:71L92!P87-S97
N
M(%)E=F5N=64@:7



]














M86P@8V]S='




@;V-C=7(N($%D=F5R=&ES:6YG


3!P=#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-F
M9F9F9F8[8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#$V





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXD-#@N
!M:6QL:6]N/]F


3!P=#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-F9F9F
M9F8[8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#8S+C4@


#`P
#`P

30S+C$@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


3!P=#L^)#$R
BXY(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T


3!P=#L^

M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







T1T





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A



3!P=#L^)B



#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]D:78^


]
T1T





M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R






T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M



M

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R



M93HQ
'!T.SXR


3!P=#L^+!T:&4@/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T


3!P=#L^





C`Q


@96YD960@07!R:6P@
CDL
M(#(P




#L\+V9O;G0^



@


M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'
@57!D871E(#(P
3
M
3$L(%!R97-E;G1A=&EO






T1F

'!T.SXH05-5(#(P
3
M
M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M


M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]



'!T.V9O




'!T.SXH05-5(#(P
30M









@=VET:&EN('1H;W-E('EE87)S

C`Q-B!A;F0@96%R;'D@






M960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T



@57!D871E(#(P
30M
34L


@969F

@96YD:6YG(&%F



]
T1T97AT/CQD


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



#`P


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


















T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ


M97



@8F5E;B!D97-I9VYA




M(&ET96T@:7

#MH961G92!A8V-O=6YT:6YG)B
X
C(Q
M.R!M971H;V0I+B!&;W(@9&5R:79A=&EV97

#MM87)K+71O+6UA

@87)E



@:&5D9V5S(&%G



]





@87)E


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



@:6YT96YT:6]N



W)2!I


M:&%R97



@:6X@4VEG




3!P=#L^+!3:6=M82`F86UP.R!72!%




3(P


MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

&8X9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED
C1?93!A8C@X-SAA.#4Q
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4R9#!F.&0X7V5B-F)?


C@N:'1M






M(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S


M97


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M1DE.04Y#24%

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB








M;&]S96QY(&UA=&-H('1H92!C;VUM;V1I='D@8V]N=')A8W0@=&5R;7
@=VET

















@


@=&AE

3L@;65T:&]D*2X@5V4@;6%Y













]

T1)1#!%




#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\








3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@
M
C`Q

S`L(#(P
3(@87)E('!R




T0Q

T0Q)2!R;W=S



T0Q


M/3-$



M



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


G!X





38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


7!X


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B





M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O





M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B









M;&4]


3!P=#L^


M





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

G!X

M8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z



M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


3X\







M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


L-30S+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXU+#$Y


#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P





3!P=#L^-RPY-#









M


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




#`P

F4Z
3!P=#L^-#@Y+C0\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.SXY-34N



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^,C$S+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M







M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^365R9V5R(')E;&%T960@8V]S='
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^
C
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


CL\


2!C



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M;V0@:6YV97-T;65N='

T1V


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



P
#`P


M/3-$


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D






M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M;&4]



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA



M86X]




#`P






'!T.SXQ
CDN









#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M


2XR





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
#`[

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^

M



6QE/3-$

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


P
#`P

3X\


M
#`P

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD




3!P=#L^
3(P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS




#`P


3!P=#L^-C0N-CPO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




3!P=#L^
34N.#PO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

P
#`P


P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG



3X\9&EV





G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



P
#`P



#`P




3!P=#L^
S0N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R

M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z














P
#`P
M







]
T1T



M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M;&4]
T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:6YG/3-$

M5&EM97

'!T.W=I9'1H.CDX+C0S-S4E

M='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Y(')O=W-P86X]

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R



M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T






M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R


M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[



M



#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV



M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V,#LR.2P@/&)R(&-L96%R
M/3-$;F]N92\^,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S

G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT




M



G!X.W!A


3!P

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T






B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








3!P


M93HQ


T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T





M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^
3






G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M






M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








3!P


M93HQ

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




M;W1T;VTZ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





#`P

G!X


M



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ











M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



]

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z











M



T0X



T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S



T1F;VYT


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




M9VAT.F)O;&0[/E5S969U;!,:69E/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T






M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R


M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[



M



#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV



M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V,#LR.2P@/&)R(&-L96%R
M/3-$;F]N92\^,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]



I


M





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M
3!P=#L^

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M93HQ




M


3!P


M93HQ








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^0G5I;&1I;F=S



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^.#0V+C



M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


T1F;VYT+69A




M/3-$



M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXQ.3
N
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B




M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

U+C

T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M



M;VTZ



M/3-$




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXV


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R










38P


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M

M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L







M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B










G!X.R!R






M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V







G!X.W!A9&1I




3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^*#(W
XS/]F


#`P









G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH
M-3`N






M



'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



P
#`P

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]




M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L


38P.S(X+`\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SXR,#$T/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






M8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[

3
\+V9O;G0^




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



G!X.W!A




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M



'0M


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)B


M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV







M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^-30N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^-34N


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B












#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L








G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXT
XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^-#`N


G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


3!P
M=#L^)B


P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^*#@N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



#`P













G!X.R!R







M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A

M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]





#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M





38P

M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V97)T



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXQ+#(Y


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A




3!P=#L^)B


#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR<'@[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC






M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




F4Z
M



'!T.SXQ+#
X




M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

P
#`P
#`[)R!R




P
#`P


M/3-$




&8X9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T
M7SED
C1?93!A8C@X-SAA.#4Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T

2]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5804%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$




]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@



]




]
T1P

]




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('5N

38P.S


C`Q
BX\+V9O

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3!P


#`E.V)O

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Y(')O=W-P86X]

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\








T1F;VYT+69A

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I





P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@





7!X('-O


M9#L^*&EN(&UI;&QI;VYS(&%N9!U;F%U9&ET960I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT

'!T.SXY+#4W




G!X


M








'!T.SXQ
RPR
C$N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ.3(N.3PO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M/3-$




3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ-G!X.W1E


T1F


@=V5R92!T;R!R969L













]



I/&)R


]
T1T:#Y$96




]



M5&EM97


M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N





3(P)3MP861D:6YG

3!P=#L^

M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


P
#`P








M:'0Z





38P.SPO



T1N;VYE+SXR
#$T

M.F)O;&0[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[

M
3



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]



38P
M.S(X+`\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SXR,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P




#`P




M;VTZ



M/3-$


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B







7!X('-O


M9#L^*&EN(&UI;&QI;VYS*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT





G!X.R!R;W=S





M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B


G!X






M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;W1T;VTZ










3!P=#L^-XX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXU+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]









G!X.R!R;W=S






M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V


M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA






M





38P.SPO9F]N




M:60@(S`P
#`P

M/3-$




#`P
M



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^


M
#`P

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A

M

P
M
#`P


P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
M
#`P



G!X.W!A9&1I










M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXV+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





#`P

G!X


M



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ








T1F;VYT





M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ



T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^



M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q







M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^3&EV97-T;V-K

M







M93HQ


M




T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT




M





3X\






\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^
3`N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI








G!X.W!A






'!T.SY&;W)E:6=N(&5X8VAA;F=E(&-O;G1R86-T


B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P






3!P=#L^
XW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^






M

7!X('-O






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R




M86X]


M93HQ
















38P



T1F



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXV+CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





#`P

G!X


M


\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ








T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ
XX/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^5&]T





M




M(S`P
#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z






3!P=#L^


M

#`P
M

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





M


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O





M.C$R


T0Q/CPO=&0^



M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P


G!X










M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M3&EA8FEL:71I97

T1V97)T


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z





O
M3&EA8FEL:71I97

T1V97)T


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ








M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


T0Q.2!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD







M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@









M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CEP=#L^0V]M;6]D:71I97

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



G!X






M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


F4Z.7!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


G!X



M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#$T+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D





T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



G!X.W!A







M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


F4Z.7!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


G!X.R!R



M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#$R+C,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^





T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V



G!X.W!A9&1I







M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B





G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M







M





38P.SPO9F]N

P
#`P


G!X.V)A

M
#`P



P
#`P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







F4Z.7!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO






M=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P




#`P




P
#`P





M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


M


#`P
M

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P








G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P


G!X.V)A8VMG

#`P
M



P
#`P


M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M






T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N


M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M;&5F=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B











M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.7!T.SXS-RXT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z




G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M








M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.7!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B







M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


SPO9F]N=#X\

M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


X
M



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B






M.#(Q


M/3-$



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH






M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.7!T.SXU,BXT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P



M



P
#`P


3X\

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





P
#`P

M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH

#`P

M;VTZ





P
#`P

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R







M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P



#`P



P
#`P



#`P





'!X

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

M:61T:#TS1#



M=&@]
T0Q

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M



T0Q
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

T0Q)2!R



T0Q



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P



G!X






P
#`P



M:'0Z


T1F;VYT+69A


P
#`P



M:'0Z


T1F;VYT+69A


O3&EA8FEL:71I97


M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




M




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






F4Z.7!T
M.V9O;G0M<W1Y;&4Z:71A;&EC.SY!<W-E=',Z/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M




G!X

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L






G!X


M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT

3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T






M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M



'!T.SXF(S$V





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT

CL\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O








T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



3
N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P

P
#`P

M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

P
#`P


G!X

#`P



P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[



#`P





M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD







T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P



7!X('-O;&ED
F4Z.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B
X
C$R

P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
M
#`P







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


M.7!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




G!X





M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V







B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z









3X\9&EV('-T


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.7!T.SXH,34N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S


G!X.W!A


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^


B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ







M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD



M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R










T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.7!T.SXP+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


F4Z.7!T.SXP+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF




M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR<'@[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


F4Z.7!T.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^





T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P







M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

M
#`P

G!X

#`P
M






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ





W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


F4Z.7!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


P
#`P
#`[


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C



#`P



M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






]
T1R;SX-
F4Z,3!P=#L^,C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S



@=V%S(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
Z

'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO


T0P






T0Q



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@




M:'0Z





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



T1V



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T






G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^0V]R




G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT,BPU-S4L,#`P/]F;VYT



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^.3DL-3@P+#`P



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M
6)E86X@;65A;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


#`\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.U1O;G


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[







T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ

RPR.#`L

F4Z,3!P=#L^,2PX
M-#<L-C@P+#`P,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I
M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B







M




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG









3!P=#L^
C`L.#@V+#$R.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C











M;W1T;VTZ







M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)B




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I





]





T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ

3!P=#L^


M


@;V8@


'!T.SX\9&EV('-T
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[;&EN92UH




3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ
#`E.V)O

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M




T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ


I(%)E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@






M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT



P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

6QE/3-$


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P


M


P
#`P



7!X('-O;&ED




P
#`P


G!X






M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P



M



P
#`P


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

P
#`P

M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P



#`P




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1E8V5M8F5R(#(X+`R,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

7!X('-O




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P


T1F;VYT+69A



M





38P.SPO9F]N






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T

M=#IB;VQD.SY397!T96UB97(@

C`Q
SPO9F]N






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT

M;VQD.SXH:6X@;6EL;&EO;G



T1V97)T









M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T







M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M









M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


'!T.SX\9F]N









T1F




2!C;VQS






3!P=#L^*#@N

'!T.SX\9F]N




M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P


M93HQ

T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\






G!X






G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M;VTZ








T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO











M


3!P


M93HQ


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXH
3
W+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M





M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.SXS+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH





M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^)B
X



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^*#`N
3PO9F]N







M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXF(S@R

M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B
X


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T



3X\9&EV('-T






M/3-$




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B






'!T.SXH
XS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


M;VTZ



M



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M

G!X

M/3-$

P
#`P


P
#`P
M

M(S`P
#`P

M






M





38P.SPO9F]N





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S@R




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
M



'!T.SXF(S@R




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



M;&4]


#`P
#MP861D:6YG





#`P




M






P
#`P


M/3-$


P
#`P
M







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

#`P
#MP





3!P=#L^*#(Q-XQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P







M;&4@(S`P
#`P

G!X







M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P










M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P



#`P




3!P=#L^*#
N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P




#`P


3!P=#L^


M


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M



T0W



T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#IB;VQD.SY'86EN(A

M96AE;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE(A,;W-S*2!O;B!$97)I=F%T:79E(A%9F9E8W1I

T1V97)T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI








G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T0Q
M
2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

M9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

M;W`Z


#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L




P
#`P



M

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E1W96QV92!-;VYT:'


R!S










M:'0Z




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M






G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M:'0Z8F]L9#L^07!R:6P@
C@L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M





M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M
CD@+2!397!T96UB97(@
C8L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M





M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M
CDL(#(P

T1V97)T:6-A


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




M


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B











38P



M



T1V97)T:6-A

M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^*&EN(&UI;&QI;VYS*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


T0Q
2!S='EL93TS



7!X

M8F]L9#L^*&EN(&UI;&QI;VYS*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R



M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#



38P.SPO9F]N


M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z



T1T

3!P=#L^)B


G!X





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




38P

M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V97)T



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M






T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ

M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P












M;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A



G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M





'!T.SXQ+C

M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P















M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^*#(Y+C
\



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXQ
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M





3!P=#L^

M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ

T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXU









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M




T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M93HQ


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S@R


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S@R









M



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S@R


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^


M



T0R('-T


#`P

M


M;&4]



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$

P
#`P








M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



#`P









P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#L^



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH


#`P
#`P.W!A








M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S@R



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXF(S@R


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M






M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



#`P
#MB

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXU

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ
#4N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S













38P

P
#`P


M

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

#`P
#MB86-K



#`P




3!P=#L^
CDN
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P

P
#`P

M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

P
#`P


G!X

#`P



M;&4]


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O



#`P




3!P=#L^
38U+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N









T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M






'!T.SXP+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P






M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








3X\9&EV('-T

#`P
#MB

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N







]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]






@=V%S(&%S
M(&9O;&QO=W





T0P


3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Y(')O=W-P86X]
M

T0Q


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


2!C;VQS







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O



M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B




G!X




M:6


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS





M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ






M;VTZ












M:'0Z







M+!'86EN(A





@;V8@:6YC;VUE(&]F(&=A

M.C$R

'!T.SX\9&EV('-T
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[;&EN92UH




3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ
#`E.V)O

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




G!X




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE










38P






M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1E8V5M8F5R(#(X+`R,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L













P
#`P



M:'0Z

#`P


F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D%P<FEL(#(Y(T@4V5P=&5M


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

7!X('-O




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



M






G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/'-U<!S='EL93TS1'9E




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R



P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



G!X.W!A

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


3X\





M:78^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M9'1H.C

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&EG;CIT;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z





T1F;VYT+69A
F4Z.'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M.FYO;F4[/B0U+C$F(S$V

M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P



@;V8@:&]G

M96%R;FEN9W
@87

M86QU92!H961G97

M.SXR


M:')E92!M;VYT:'
@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
CDL(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/&9O



T1F;VYT+69A


C`Q



M:'0Z










M



2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




I(%)E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@16%R;FEN9W
@;VX@4F5L871E9!(
M961G960@271E;3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL

G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P



M


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z

M9&5R+6QE9G0Z



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

P
#`P








M:'0Z





38P.SPO








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R

M;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


P
#`P


G!X








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

7!X('-O



G!X.W!A9&1I


F4Z.'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P


M



F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M
M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E-E<'1E;6)E<B`R-R`M($1E8V5M8F5R(#(Y+`R
#$S




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





P
#`P





F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D%P<FEL(#(X+`R

P
#`P



M:'0Z









M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\








M93HQ



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,BXP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^





M






T1F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXP


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N



M9RUT;W`Z





M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q









G!X


M








'!T.SXH
38N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P
M=#L^)B














#`P
#MT97AT




#`P


F4Z,3!P=#L^(&%N9!G86EN<R!O9B`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M

M:6]N.FYO;F4[/G1W96QV92!M;VYT:'
@96YD960@07!R:6P@
CDL(#(P
3(\




6EN9R!C87-H


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ










M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E-C:&5D=6QE(&]F($YO=&EO;F%L($%M;W5N='
@;V8@3W5T




3!P

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


3!P=#L^
M

M97

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

3!P

M=&@Z

3X\+W1D/CPO

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P



T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



G!X.W!A











M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXT
30L-C`P+#`P
#PO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M+#8T

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS






G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



'!T.SX\9F]N





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.SXQ.PU

T1V97)T:6-A














38P


M;G

T1V97)T

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





M:'0Z







G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F









3!P=#L^.PP,S`L,#`P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B










M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV+#@X.PP



3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B
X



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M93HQ






G!X





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M


3!P

T1F;VYT


M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE
M.C=P=#XH

T1V


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



M



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



G!X



3X\

CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
M
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF
M(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T1W:61T:#HS-G!X





M.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XH

M



;W-S*2!I;B!3


I(')E



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

T0G


T0Q/CPO=&0^



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M





M86X]
T0Q
2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M

M:'0Z8F]L9#L^4')E9&5C97-S;W(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#IB;VQD.SY4=V5L=F4@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

P
#`P

M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P



#`P





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S


#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S


#`P

M;W`Z


#`P




P
#`P



G!X.V)O


CDL(#(P




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q.2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
#`P


T1F;VYT+69A



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M





M;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A




3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


3X\













38P








3!P=#L^.XU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M






3X\





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0R('-T


#`P

M


M;&4]


N


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O




#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^5&]T86P\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N









T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M







#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


G!X






'!T.SXQ-XQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T








M9&5S(&%M;W5N='

M9V%I;G




M-3)D
&8X9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED
C1?93!A8C@X-SAA.#4Q#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4R9#!F.&0X7V5B-F)?-#EC-%\Y9#(T


S(N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M







#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*




M971H;V0@26YV97-T;65N='




M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ











M



T0X



T0Q)2!R



M

7!X('-O


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B4F(S$V
#M/=VYE9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0S('-T


#`P

M

M=W-P86X]



38P
M.S(X+`\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SXR,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

7!X('-O


Q-C`[
CDL

3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



T1F




G!X.R!R;W=S









M



M




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



3!P=#L^




M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







G!X.W!A9&1I





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

U



G!X.R!R;W=S





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N









G!X



3X\




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M;&4]

'!T.SY687)I



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P=#L^


M


M


#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR-2XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`P

M(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M


#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR-RXQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`P

M(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^5&]T86P@
M:6YV97-T;65N='

T1V97)T


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M



M



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P



7!X('-O



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N


#`P
M

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



@





3(P)3MP

M





@*%-I9VUA*2!A;FYO

N3X@*%-I9VUA(9A;7`[(%=(($5U

M82!A;F0@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDN($%T('1H92!F;W)M871I;VX@;V8@4VEG;6$@




@;V8@


3!P=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V

M:71H(%-I9VUA(&AA9!N;R!I;7!A8W0@;VX@=&AE(&)O;VL@=F%L=64@;V8@
M;W5R(&EN=F5S=&UE;G0@:6X@0T9'+B`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M93HQ




6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M

3!P=#L^*$EN

@8V]N

@;V8@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9SH\+V9O;G0^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A

3`P)3MB;W)D97(M8V]L


C

M



M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X



T0Q

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



#`P

6QE
#MP861D:6YG+71O


G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M-BP@
C`Q

M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M



T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



'0M86QI


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B









G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]









#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\












M9G0Z




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





M/3-$


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^




\+V9O




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


M




M;W1T;VTZ



M







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE











M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S



G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^*#$S





P
#`P


P
#`P









M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O



#`P



3!P=#L^*#$N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N



M
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z









G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P




#`P



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



P
#`P
#`[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



P
#`P

M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,34N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O


G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

#`P
#MP861D


7!X
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P







T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




]



]


T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@

M;'DZ5&EM97


M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M93HQ


M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

T1P861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




@3F5W


M+7)I9VAT.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z





M/3-$



M



2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R


M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E1W96QV92!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+V9O




M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]





M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M:'0Z8F]L9#L^07!R:6P@

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\


M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E

C`Q

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^4V%L
M97






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;VTZ








M;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M





'!T.SXR+#0V-XV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^,S@Y+CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


RXP








G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,BXV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^.XQ/]F







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#L^
3
N



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B






M/3-$




G!X



3X\

'!X.V9O;G0M




T0S




M.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A





'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W

M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M93HQ



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^)B
Q



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T



M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V,#LR.P@/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$
M;F]N92\^

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




M




M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


R!S

G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



M/3-$




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






M:'0Z





38P.SPO





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


38P.SPO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M;W`Z

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\







M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



M9&EN9RUL969T.C




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SY



3X\9&EV

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^
BPP
M-#8N



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C










M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^
2PP
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



3X\9&EV('-T



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]


&8X9#A?96(V
M8E\T.6
T7SED

O4VAE970S
RYH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






]

]
M


]

:6%B


]



M



#8R-24[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&QA


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T0Q)2!R



T0X)2!R;W=S




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I





C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S


#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]



M
38P.S(Y+`\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



M





38P.SPO9F]N





M/3-$




3!P=#L^
CDU+C$\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





F4Z,3!P=#L^,C(R+CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y
M;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^0W5S=&]M97(@

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXU+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXR
XW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS






M:'0Z







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXV







M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY!8V-R=65D(&EN


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV,RXX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]







M;&4]

'!T.SY/=&AE


B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P






3!P=#L^



M




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P

G!X

#`P
M


3!P=#L^-S0U+C`\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS

P
#`P







M83@U



]
T1R

T1)1#!%

M5!$96)T(A486)L97


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(X+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@



]
M


M;&]W:6YG.B8C

M96EG:'0Z

'!T





3!P=#MW:61T
M:#HY.2XP
C
T

3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

M87(]
T1N;VYE+SXR

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ






M:'0Z





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T1V






M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#$T+C

T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


'!T.SX\9F]N






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T





M


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXW


@;V8@)#
X+C$@;6EL;&EO

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^-3$Y+C

T1V97)T:6-A














38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXU
S@N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXT
#`N



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M(&1U92!-87D@

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
C`P+C`\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR
#`N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I







M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

F%T:6]N($9A8VEL:71Y+!T:&4@;&5N9&5R)W
@






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXF(S@R

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^

T1V97)T





@9G)O
M;2`P+C`E('1O(#
N
3



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E







G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


P
#`P


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
BPW



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P



3!P=#L^
RPP
C`N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D






#`P

M9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-#8N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\



#`P
M



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^*#0W+C

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

M:'0Z










M




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




3!P=#L^
BPV-S`N.3PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


P
#`P

M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR+#DW,BXX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^







F4Z,3!P=#L^4V-H961U;&5D('!R:6YC:7!A;!P87EM96YT<R!O;B!L;VYG

M9VAT.C$R

'!X

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT




3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I




P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ








G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




G!X

#`P
M


3!P=#L^-#8N.3PO9F]N

7!X('-O





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR
M




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L




M



M



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I









M;VTZ



M/3-$




M:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/'-P86X^


F0P9CAD.%]E
M8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E

M;G0]

2!R


M14Y44R!!3D0@1U5!4D%.5$5%4R!

M;65N='
@86YD($=U87)A;G1E97


]








M

3(P

'!T.SX\9&EV('-T
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[;&EN92UH




3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ
#`E.V)O

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0U(')O=W-P86X]

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^

#MP861D:6YG+71O


G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^*&EN(&UI;&QI;VYS*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO

M9RUT;W`Z


#`P






'!T.SXR


M


P
#`P
M






P
#`P
#`[)R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT,BXU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXR


G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS,BXW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS






M:'0Z






M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR
M


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,BXQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








3!P


M93HQ

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#L^-#$N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I







7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ.#0N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S




38P












3(P)3MP







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0U(')O=W-P86X]

M=&@]
T0Q

M=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M:'0Z8F]L9#L^*&EN(&UI;&QI;VYS*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^

M;W`Z


#`P






'!T.SXR



G!X


P
#`P
#`[





P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S









M



'!T.SXF(S$V







6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M












M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^
2PP.3`N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXY-C
N-#PO9F]N=#X\


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


&8X9#A?96(V8E\T
M.6
T7SED

O4VAE970S-BYH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'








3!P=#LG

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ







@;V8@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9SHF(S$V

39P








M/3-$



M


T0Q


2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M



3X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z










M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


G!X





38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY4=V5L=F4@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



M:'0Z





38P.SPO



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

C`Q
M

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L



P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ








M/3-$



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




M





38P.SPO9F]N



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,C(N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M;W`Z

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\



P
#`P


M











T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M/3-$






'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ








M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





M86X]

M+6QE9G0Z

M8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z

3!P=#L^


M

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXV+C$\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ





T1T97AT+6%L



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ





T1T97AT+6%L


CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ

#`P



3!P=#L^




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[






M

7!X('-O






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R




M86X]


M93HQ










3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


P
#`P


M

#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
38N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




P
#`P




3!P=#L^.#(N
CPO






P
#`P











G!X










3X\9&EV('-T









B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXW




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

G!X.W!A

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z










6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ








G!X.W!A9&1I












3X\





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^

P
#`P












M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M









M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^1F]R96EG

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]


M93HQ

M

7!X('-O


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

#`P




3!P=#L^
XV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXW+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
#`[



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P


M



3!P=#L^-C(N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P


M



3!P=#L^
30N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P


M

#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^*#
N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



#`P
#MB

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^.3`N
CPO9F]N

'!T.SX\9F]N



'!T.SX\9F]N

M/E1O=&%L(&EN8V]M92!T87@@97AP96YS93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M/3-$












M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L
6QE/3-$9F]N


G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
#`P
#`[


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


















M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



3X\9&EV




]






T0P(&-E



M=&@]




M
T0Q

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M




T0Q

T0Q)2!R







#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L







T0X


#`P

M;W`Z

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M


M97(F(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



C`Q


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M



T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP


P
#`P



M


#LR.2P@
C`Q
CPO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






F4Z
M








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P


3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L




#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V





M
#`P


3!P=#L^
S4N
#PO


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT




38P.R4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




#`P


3!P=#L^*#$P



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXH
XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

G!X

M9G0Z
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXQ





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V







3!P=#L^*#$N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M











3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ

















M




2!C


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







M




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXH
XX/]F;VYT




M








G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M










G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

#MP861D:6YG+71O<#HR


G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\








T1F




2!C;VQS



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
#`[)R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-BXU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT




M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M






M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B












38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXH
XV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





M/3-$

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V





3!P=#L^*#$N-3PO


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,BXS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M)B
X



M





38P.SPO9F]N




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\




G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M





'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M







#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,2XU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P


M



T1F





#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

P
M
#`P



P
#`P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD


3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M(S`P
#`P






3!P=#L^








'!T.SXR.XQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A












M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P

G!X

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P








M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P




M
3!P=#L^
C`N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B







'!T.SXS

#`P








'!T.SXF(S$V




]

M.C$R

'!X.VQI

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


T1N;VYE
M+SXR


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]



I


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z





38P.SPO
















3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


XX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$




M969T.C




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M9R!L;W-S97

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



T1T




2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I










T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M

M.C






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R






G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B





'!T.SXF(S@R



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^16UP;&]Y964@8F5N969I='
\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

G!X

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^













3X\9&EV('-T


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXS
M-C(N

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



3X\9&EV('-T
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH
M,S0N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^*#0R+C
\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





M/3-$






M



P
#`P

2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS-#`N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


R
XP/]F






G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



S9P














M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


'!T.SX\9F]N




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



M/3-$



G!X


M

T1V97)T








M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A




M86X]


M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








M







M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



P
#`P

P
#`P


P
#`P





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY4

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S










M





38P.SPO9F]N

P
#`P






T1F;VYT+69A


#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M




3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^5&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!T86)L

M97

M8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P

T1F;VYT

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3

M

'!T.SXZ)B
Q-C`[

M
T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M97

'!T.W=I9'1H.CDY+C`R
S0S-S4E

M='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Y(')O=W-P86X]

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M.F)O;&0[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[

M



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)B



M




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






G!X.R!R




M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



G!X


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV-BXU/]F;VYT/CPO







M



M



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S@R


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^


M

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^-CDW+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B


@3F5W(%)O


M.C$R





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D/CQT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH:6XF(S$V







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P

F4Z
3!P=#L^
34N
SPO9F]N=#X\

7!X('-O;&ED






G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXS+CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT

'!T.SX\9F]N



B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,2XX/]F;VYT/CPO




2!C



M.C




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY3



T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^*#$N




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M










'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P=#L^
34N-SPO9F]N






M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ





M969T.C




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T






G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,BXQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D





3X\


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SY
87!S92!O9B!S=&%T




6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L
M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M



6QE

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^4V5T=&QE;65N='



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I







M



M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV




P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
#`P
M





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO

P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO


M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U,F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E
M,&%B.#@W.&$X-3$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3)D
M
&8X9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED

O
M4VAE970S-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS

M


#$T/&)R




T1T;W`^




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W1E

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A

3`P)3MB;W)D97(M8V]L



M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P



M:'0Z



M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




G!X


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#@Q,RXR/]F;VYT



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T










38P

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R
















#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L







M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M9&EN9RUL969T.C




3!P


M93HQ


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^*#8Y



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL



T1V



M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]

'!T.SXH
34T


M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D






M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-C8N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS






M;&4]




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^4F5M96%S=7)E;65N=!A=!T:&4@

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


CL\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXH






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B










M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







M:'0Z







B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD




3!P=#L^
2PX
M

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O




3!P=#L^
M
2PV-3
N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M93HQ






M=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^
S0N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


F4Z
M,3!P=#L^16UP;&]Y97(@8V]N=')I8G5T:6]N<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I







M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXI


M



G!X.R!R







P
M
#`P


P
#`P


P
#`P




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R;W=S







G!X.R!R;W=S






M:'0Z





38P.SPO




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ+#(Q-XW/]F;VYT


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\


M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M





M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[













G!X





M






M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z
3AP




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T







G!X.R!R;W=S




[/D%M
M;W5N='


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





M9&EN9RUL969T.C




3!P


M93HQ


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B






M/3-$






M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^

P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^)B
X






M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


P
#`P




#`P







M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
M*#8P

#`P
M




#`P


3!P=#L^


M



M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M



F4Z

T1F

'!T.SXH-3
P+C(\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




7!X('-O;&ED





CLF(S@R
M
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([
M)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R

M93TS1'=I9'1H.C

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]





M(&ES($1E8V5M8F5R(#



T1F;VYT+69A

Q-C`[
CDL
M(#(P
3




M86UI;'DZ5&EM97





M

M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US
M:7IE.C5P=#XH

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^9FEV92!M;VYT
M:',@96YD960@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#(V+`R





M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^+!R97-P



C`Q
SPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

C8L(#(P
3

T1F;VYT

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^)#$V+C$F(S$V

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^)#(V+C`F(S$V





2!C;VQS




M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M17AC;'5D97



@=V%S(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#$P-RXY(&UI;&QI




3(T+C$@;6EL;&EO;CPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^(&%S(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M
M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.P@
M,C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[

T1F;VYT

Q-C`[
M
CDL(#(P
3



M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M96UB97(@
C8L(#(P
3

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL













M:&5D=6QE(&]F($%M;W5N='


!U;G)E8V]G;FEZ960@:71E;7
@:6YC;'5D960@87


M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M
T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M97

'!T.W=I9'1H.CDX+C8S
C@Q
C4E

M='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Y(')O=W-P86X]

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M.F)O;&0[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[

M



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)B



M






G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





M/3-$



F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE













M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



]
T1T97AT/CQD:78@




M(S$V


M;&4]



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X



3X\



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M


M:'

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L

F4Z.'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P


G!X



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

M
C`Q

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT



P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






G!X.R!R;W=S







M9#L^*&EN(&UI;&QI;VYS*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT




2!C;VQS








G!X.W!A





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


#`P











'!T.SXR





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

3!P


M93HQ








T1F;VYT+69A



M




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




M;VTZ

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]






3!P=#L^



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT





G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T



'!T.SX\9F]N



M






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[







M/3-$

P
M
#`P



M;W`Z


M





M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M




G!X.R!R;W=S







M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^3F5T(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M



M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



M




#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P
#`P.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


7!X('-O;&ED



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S@R



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R












'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M



3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,2XY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO








3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M



#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N












'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M



3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU-RXR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@
M;V8@07-S=6UP=&EO;G

]



M9VAT.C$R

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X

M;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M


M;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q





T0Q


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M/3-$



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


2!C


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]







P
#`P



M;&4]


G!X



3X\

B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#IB;VQD.SY4=V5L=F4@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

P
#`P



G!X

F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1E8V5M8F5R
M(#(X+`R


T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R





M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R




P
#`P



G!X




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^07!R:6PF(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





P
#`P


M/3-$

P
#`P
#`[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G


M;W1T;VTZ





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^-XW-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E






M





G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



#PO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;W1T;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B





T1V97)T





3!P=#L^-RXU
#PO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B










M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O







3!P=#L^-RXW-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M






M93HQ



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


7!X('-O;&ED
F4Z

M;&4]

'!T.SXT+C`P







F4Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE



M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT


T1T;W`^


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M





@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@;W5R('%U86QI


C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N




#`P


38P.S(Y+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T




T0P(&-E;&QS



M-C4E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M97(F(S$V

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


T1N;VYE+SXR

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ





M93HQ

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



T1V97)T:6-A



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^





T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





2!C;VQS






3!P=#L^-C`N
M



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

3!P


M93HQ


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B






M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#L^-#4U


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N



G!X







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


U+34U)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P



P
#`P

P
#`P



P
#`P







M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P



7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

















3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/'-P86X^/]S

'0^/&1I=B!S='EL


3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^17AP96-T960@9G5T=7)E(&)E





39P




M=&@]






#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T

M=#IB;VQD.SXH:6X@;6EL;&EO;G





G!X.V)O


M93HQ


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]




#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V





M

M

M86X]


M93HQ


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^
3`U+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^
C`Q

M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^.#@N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE












T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M


6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M

3!P=#L^5&AE





3!P=#L^.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M86X]

T0Q


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO



M





38P.SPO9F]N



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC


M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E1W96QV92!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P






M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ







M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


P
#`P


G!X.W!A


6QE/3-$


P
#`P



G!X


CDL(#(P
3

M;&4]



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT



P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

M:'0Z8F]L9#L^07!R:6P@
CDL(#(P
3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



T0G=F5R

M;W`Z

#`P




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



3!P=#L^-3$M-C`U-3DR
B`O(#`P
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M9G0Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


M:'0Z






M;&4]


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






'!T.SXS-BTV
#4R
SDP(\@,#`Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M




T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXP+C(\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P=#L^3V-T;V)E



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L



S$R.34@+R`P


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#L^





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
XQ/]F;VYT



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^
XQ/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


3!P

C`Q.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT


M=&%L(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





P
M
#`P













3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P



#`P







#`P

M;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

7!X('-O;&ED









M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





P
#`P



7!X('-O;&ED



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



P
#`P
#`[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M


T0P('-T



M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M



@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T1W:61T:#HS-G!X





M.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XH

M



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I



M/3-$




M9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XH

#L\+V9O;G0^





M9'5L960@=&\@97AP:7)E(&EN($]C=&]B97(@
C`Q-2P@36%Y(#(P
38L($IA

C`Q.!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(@,C`Q.X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

&8X
M9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED

O4VAE




^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@

]




]


M8VAE9'5L92!O9B!3:&%R92UB87-E9!087EM96YT($%W87)D+!3=&]C:R!/

'!T.SX\9F]N



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I


M=7



'!T.SXQ-C`L-3`P+#`P





M87)A=&4@=')A;F-H97
L(&%C8V]R9&EN9R!T;R!T:&4@97AP96-T960@;&EF



@;F\@






M86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G
@9W)A;G1E9!I;B`R,#$T/]F

M+6AE:6=H=#HQ

F4Z,3!P
M=#L^.B`\+V9O;G0^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A9&1I;F<M;&5F=#HP<'@[=&5X
M=UI;F1E;G0Z

M





M/3-$


T1V97)T



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]


#`P




#`P



#$T


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M





38P.SPO9F]N



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O



M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M




M;VTZ



M/3-$



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


#8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M





38P.SPO9F]N





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^
M/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG


CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
M
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R
M.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R

M9'1H.C

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&EG;CIT;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z




30@=V5R

@86-C;W)D:6YG('1O('1H



M96EG:'0Z

3!P


T1T;W`^4V-H

3I4:6UE<R!.


T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

T1P861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




@3F5W(%)O




M(')O=W-P86X]

T0Q


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



M:'0Z





38P.SPO



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I


T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]





G!X.V)O


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B







M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#





#`P
#`P





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS



M





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B












M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^1W)A;G1E9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



G!X


M
3!P=#L^
38P+#4P

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








3X\




F4Z
3!P=#L^-BXR
#PO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M



3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[









38P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SY&;W)F96ET960\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ


P
#`P




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV+C(P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





2!C;VQS






T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

2PT
#`L

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







3!P=#L^-BXR
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L








G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R




G!X


M








'!T.SXF(S@R





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S@R



M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^





M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



30@=V%S(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N








3!P=#L^+!T:&5R92!W87,@/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T






3!P=#L^1'5R:6YG('1H92!T=V5L=F4@;6]N=&AS

#`X($EN8V5N
M=&EV92!#;VUP96YS871I;VX@4&QA;B`H=&AE($EN8V5N=&EV92!0;&%N*2P@






L


L





3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IN;W)M
M86P[/B0X
BXQ)B




M:6YU960@87


M

'!T.SXD
BXP(&UI




M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

2XP(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O


M93HQ

T1F;VYT+69A




M
F4Z,3!P=#L^='=E;'9E(&UO;G1H<R!E;F1E
M9!!<')I;`R.2P@,C`Q,CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M




'!T.SXD



F4Z,3!P=#L^9FEV92!M;VYT:',@96YD
M960@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#(V+`R

3!P=#L^+!T:&4@/]F;VYT
F4Z
M,3!P=#L^='=E;'9E(&UO;G1H<R!E;F1E9!!<')I;`R.P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

@96YD
M960@07!R:6P@
CDL(#(P

T1F;VYT+69A


F5D


M-BP@
C`Q

3!P=#L^='=E;'9E(&UO;G1H




]

6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
3(P





'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D%C8W5M=6QA=&5D($]T





3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A



M87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
R!R


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P



6QE


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






M1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LR.2P@/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
C`Q
SPO9F]N


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#MB;W)D97(M=&]P

#`P

6QE



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0Q
M

M

M86X]





M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M93HQ

T1V


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


#`P


3!P


M93HQ





'!T.SXH


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXH







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M






M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

P
#`P








M;&4]



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^
C8N-#PO9F]N

'!T.SX\9F]N




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^*#(N.3PO9F]N

F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



P
#`P





T1V



P
#`P


M/3-$









M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P

G!X

#`P
M



T1F


#`P



F4Z

M


#`P
#MB;W)D97(M

#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




P
#`P


M








]





M:6YC;VUE(AL;W-S*3H\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.C$R





M:6YG/3-$


2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0Q
2!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

C`Q-#PO9F]N


M86X]
T0Q

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z





M97(@
CDL(#(P
3

M;&4]

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C








M;W`Z




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I







M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


T0R
R!S='EL93TS



7!X

M8F]L9#L^*&EN(&UI;&QI;VYS*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I






M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M

'!T.SXQ









T1F;VYT+69A






M





M:'0Z





38P.SPO



G!X.R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR.2XV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B@R+C



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T






F4Z,3!P=#L^,C<N,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9RUT;W`Z




M


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M;W`Z




38P



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT.CEP




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T








38P.SPO


T0S

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X




38P.SPO9F]N



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






G!X



3X\
'0M:6YD96YT.BTR-'!X.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T





M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,3,T+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D





M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S@R


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.FUI9&1L93MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M;W-S97



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


M







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M





38P.SPO9F]N



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXI


M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

F%T:6]N
M(&]F(&%C='5A<FEA;!L;W-S97



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^



M9RUT;W`Z








M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




M/3-$





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


G!X.R!R;W=S










T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T



G!X.W!A9&1I




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I








M
3!P=#L^)B


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V








'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




3!P=#L^)B


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#













G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXH
38V+C

T1V


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^*#$P


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B





M





M:'0Z





38P.SPO





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT





F4Z,3!P=#L^
M*$=A:6YS*2!L;W-S97,@<F5C;&%S<VEF:65D('1O('-A;&5S/]F;VYT/CPO


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B








G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.SXQ
S



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.SXH

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXH



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

6QE/3-$=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^*#$N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M

M

M86X]


M93HQ


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

M


3!P


M93HQ



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXP+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^1V%I;G


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A

M


M
#`P






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T

P
#`P
#`[8F%C









M



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M

G!X

M/3-$



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


G!X.W!A

M




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV








P
#`P

M





M:'0Z





38P.SPO

P
#`P


G!X




M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P










P
#`P
#`[






G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

#`P
#MP861D






P
#`P


3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z







3!P


M93HQ

M(S`P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T







3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A



M87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0S-R!R


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#0E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0S('-T






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


R!S

G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



M/E1W96QV92!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


CD@
M+2!397!T96UB97(@
C8L(#(P
3

M;&4]



T0G=F5R


P
#`P
#`[)R!R




C`Q

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



R!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




P
#`P


G!X.W!A


6QE/3-$
#MP861D


M





38P.SPO9F]N


P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A






38P.SPO




T0S('-T


#`P

M

M=W-P86X]




M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M






T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N


M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B


G!X





38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q







G!X.W!A

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





G!X


3!P=#L^


M



M

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N








T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N








M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





G!X.W!A9&1I

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






3X\9&EV








M;&4]




G!X.W!A9&1I

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M









3X\



G!X






M


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z
C!P




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





M+6QE9G0Z



T1O
F4Z
3!P
M=#L^)B



G!X.R!R


M=#HR


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V


R!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV


M93HQ



T0S('-T




M9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q




3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I






M

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V








T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^








T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T








T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V








T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT









3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXH
3(N
M

'!T.SX\9F]N





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US













3X\9&EV('-T





3X\





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X



G!X.R!R;W=S











3X\9&EV('-T







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^*#8N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,C@N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS






M;&4]





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L





M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXH

T1V




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N






M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z
C!P




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O
F4Z
3!P
M=#L^)B


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C


M=#HR


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





M93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


M93HQ




M
#L@<F]W

M9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




3!P=#L^)B



G!X






M

















M



M
'0M:6YD96YT.BTR-'!X.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\9F]N=!S




M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ



G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^
S(N



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I







M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B







T1F;VYT




M/3-$



M




G!X




I



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#L^











M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M;VTZ






M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M





M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^*#
R+C

M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO


B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,BXV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P

T1V97)T:6-A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P

T1V97)T:6-A


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXH
3`X+C0\+V9O;G0^







M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXT

M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^*#8V+C

T1V


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXH-S4N
3PO







M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V












M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXH1V%I;G


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M







M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T











T1F;VYT


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


N




M:'0Z





38P.SPO




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S@R



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXF(S@R


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





'!T.SXF(S@R



M:'0Z





38P.SPO




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


3!P=#L^


M

T0G=F5R=&EC




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T




3!P=#L^5&]T86P@;W1H









W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


G!X.V)O







M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P




#`P














M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



7!X
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P

#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




P
#`P


P
#`P


3X\9&EV





#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



P
#`P





M





38P.SPO9F]N

P
#`P


G!X.V)A

M
#`P



M


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD



#`P




3!P=#L^-C`N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P

P
#`P

2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P


G!X.V)A8VMG

#`P
M



T1F


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O



#`P





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[



#`P








#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR<'@[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO






M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M;W`Z
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P


G!X.V)O


M93HQ

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




P
#`P





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C;VQS



P
#`P




P
#`P


3X\9&EV


M=%\U
F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E




M240P13%!04



C@L(#(P
M


]




3!P=#L^5&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!T86)L97



3!P=#MC

#`P

M



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ









M=71O.W=I9'1H.C$P

S(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#4E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-B4@


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

M


M
T0Q-2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P







M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A



M
#`P

#MP861D:6YG+71O


G!X.V)O




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


38P.S$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P


T1F;VYT+69A





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


Q-C`[
SPO9F]N

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


M


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

M=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH:6X@;6EL;&EO;G,I/]F

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

P
#`P



M

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



R!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0S('-T






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


R!S

G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I







M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0S('-T






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


R!S

G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






M9RUT;W`Z








M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^
XQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


CL\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





F4Z,3!P=#L^-3<N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


T1F

'!T.SXP+C(\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\






6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



M/3-$



G!X


M

'!T.SX\9F]N





G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R







M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B










G!X.R!R




M





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#L^







M




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ

M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^)B
X
M



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ.2XX/]F;VYT/CPO






M9&EN9RUL969T.C




3!P


M93HQ

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXW
XP/]F;VYT



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^)B
X



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXW
XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P

M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


CL\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\







M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A

M


M
#`P

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^5&]T86P\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




P
#`P

M




P
M
#`P





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^-S`N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





P
#`P







G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

P
#`P


G!X




M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P














M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P

G!X

#`P
M



T1F


#`P



F4Z

M

'!T.SXF(S@R
3([

#`P
#MB;W)D

#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S






P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T






M/3-$


M.VAE:6=H=#HR


38P.SPO9F]N

R!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!X.V9O


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





G!X





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







M


M.VAE:6=H=#HR


38P.SPO9F]N

R!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!X.V9O


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





G!X





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







M


M.VAE:6=H=#HR


38P.SPO9F]N

R!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!X.V9O


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





G!X





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z





38P.SPO








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[









38P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M





R!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

R!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ








G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





G!X





38P.SPO


R!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M








M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^)B
X


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B







M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO




M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M)B
X



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A














38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXP+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S@R


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R





M






M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0G=F5R




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





#`P

G!X


M


M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M







G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P





P
#`P

M/3-$


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N









T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M







#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


G!X






'!T.SXF(S@R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


G!X







#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


7!X
















G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




]

6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
3(P

3!P=#L^5&AE(&9O







M)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




T0P(&-E;&QS



M

M



T0Q



T0U)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M



3X\





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



T0G=F5R=&EC



M/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M









3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z




T1F


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC


M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/DQE=F5L)B
Q-C`[
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0S('-T


#`P

M

M=W-P86X]





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P



M


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#IB;VQD.SY,979E;8C

M;&4]



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\









3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M



T0Q

M

M86X]





G!X








G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\









3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG












T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV






3!P=#L^.34N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









3X\



3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M;&4]




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXU
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C


M=#HQ


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


M93HQ






G!X






M




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C


M=#HQ


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


M93HQ






G!X






M




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C


M=#HQ


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


M93HQ



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^17%U:71Y)B



M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N


M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B


G!X





38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M





38P















M







M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O










3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXF(S@R

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^)B
X









38P

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R






M/3-$








M




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^
S
N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
S


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
S8N-3PO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^)B
X
M



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.SXF(S@R



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B





B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S@R




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT,BXW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXT

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/3-$





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B










M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR-BXP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^
C`N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\









M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXT




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV



3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B










G!X.W!A9&1I









B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S@R






B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R













M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





G!X.W!A







M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]

'!T.SXW-2XP




M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]




M






M





38P.SPO9F]N





'!T.SXF(S@R



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


G!X








M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S




M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N





M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXF(S@R
3([



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^
S0N
CPO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M





M;VTZ



M/3-$

'!X


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D











'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






G!X.R!R;W=S



M9&5N.VAE:6=H=#HR


38P.SPO



M;VTZ



M/3-$

'!X


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D











'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






G!X.R!R;W=S



M9&5N.VAE:6=H=#HR


38P.SPO



M;VTZ



M/3-$

'!X


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D











'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@




V





M;&4]

'!T.SY-=71U
M86P@9G5N9'

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




M





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#L^
30N



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B










G!X




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T


M

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T




3X\9&EV('-T



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


CL\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\



3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[







M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


CL\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.SXR



M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ

M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R







M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


CL\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXR







M

'!T.SY#;W)P;W)A


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
CDW+C(\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
CDW+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^

M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M






M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,#0N,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


CL\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXR
#0N



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B










G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,3(N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


M


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N





'!T.SXQ
3(N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




G!X





M






M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z
3AP




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O
F4Z
3!P
M=#L^)B


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





M93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

M93HQ




M
#L@<F]W

M9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T













M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C










M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





M





38P.SPO9F]N











38P




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\



3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T






G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^-34N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$



M




G!X





M







G!X.R!R




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


R!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

M93HQ






G!X.W!A9&1I





M







G!X.R!R




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


R!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

M93HQ






G!X.W!A9&1I





M







G!X.R!R




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


R!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

M93HQ

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

F4Z,3!P=#L^
M3&EM:71E9!P87)T;F5R<VAI<'

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M.#(Q




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXF(S@R
3([



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^
S8N-#PO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXS







M




'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



G!X



3X\








M




'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



G!X



3X\








M




'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^26YS=7)A;F-E(&-O

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV



3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


3PO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M





M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




#`P

M+6QE9G0Z





38P.SPO



M(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC






T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L
F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



'!T.SX\9F]N




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T









M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P












M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P



3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS-RXS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X


3!P=#L^


M









M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P











'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M



M




G!X






M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


T0S('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C@N





M:'0Z

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

G!X





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C










M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I






M









M






G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P


3!P=#L^


M

#`P
M


M;W`Z
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P



7!X('-O



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C$L

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M




M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N
M92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@
M3&5V96P@5&AR964@1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86X@07-S971S(%)O;&P@
M1F]R=V%R9!;5&%B;&4@5&5X=!;&]C:UT\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]


T1F;VYT

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[


M

#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P



G!X




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M






M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V





#`P




3!P=#L^



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G=F5R



M
F4Z
3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXT

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]









M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B


G!X





38P.SPO



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R









G!X.R!R;W=S






M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R






M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS








3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




M;VTZ









P
M
#`P



M:60@(S`P
#`P

M/3-$



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^0F%L86YC92P@1&5C96UB97(@
CDL(#(P
M
3



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

M;VTZ


M




T0G




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


W+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N





M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




G!X



3X\


G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^*#$P+C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M87-S971S('-O;&0@9'5R:6YG('1H92!P97)I;V0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^)B
X



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS<'@@9&]U8FQE


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M



P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

P
#`P
M







G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


3!P


M93HQ

M
#`P

G!X

#`P
M


3!P=#L^
S8N-#PO9F]N

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P
#`[











T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY4
M:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('!R97-E;G1S('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&%N


@;V8@



#`P






M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





M(')O=W-P86X]

T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

M.F)O;&0[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]




G!X.W!A




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




M;&4]


M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#IB;VQD.SY686QU93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





M/3-$






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M



'!T.SXS+#`R





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


M+R\O0SHO-3)D
&8X9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED
C1?93!A8C@X-SAA.#4Q+U=O

O4VAE970T


T0G




M/3-$

M=6QE(&]F(%)E;&%T960@4&%R='D@0F%L86YC97


]





3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N









#`P






3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]






M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P




#`P




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


T1N
M;VYE+SXR


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





G!X











T1F;VYT





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






P
#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ







M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C



P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T





M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






3!P=#L^-XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO






M
#L@<F]W

M9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




3!P=#L^)B



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXQ+C(\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I









P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T

P
#`P

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\9&EV('-T







M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO


M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U,F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E
M,&%B.#@W.&$X-3$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3)D
M
&8X9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED

O
M4VAE970T
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@



T1T



M



3!P=#LG

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('-H

M=&5D.B8C

M:'0Z





M

T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C



2!C;VQS




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P

G!X

M86X]



M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF

M=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XH





R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X



T1F;VYT+69A




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ






G!X.V)A


3!P


M93HQ





'!T.SXR



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^
3

T1V97)T:6-A














38P









G!X


M








'!T.SXW.#(N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXT
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M



3X\


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A




M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S







P
#`P

2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR-S4N,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

#`P
#MP861D


7!X
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXQ
S(N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





P
#`P
M












M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A



#`P







#`P

M;VTZ






'!T.SXX
C@N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P

M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M:6YG/3-$





M=#HQ





M

30L('1O

@

L

M=&EC86)L92!T;R!D;R!S;RX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B
M;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M=&@Z

M






3X\9&EV('-T


M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R
M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^365R9V5R(&%N9!!8W%U:7-I=&EO;G
\+V9O



M/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M







C`E

I/]S=7`^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M


3(P)3MT

M



M=VED=&@]

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I

M=&@]



M



T0Q



T0Q)2!R




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#


M;VTZ





R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT



M





38P.SPO9F]N




T0S('-T


#`P

M

M=W-P86X]




M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L








M



'!T.SXF(S$V








G!X.R!R







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SY86QA;F-E+!397!T96UB97(@

M
3






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M;&4]

7!X




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




M:60@(S`P
#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ

M;&4]

7!X




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




M:60@(S`P
#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ

M

7!X('-O






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



M(S`P
#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V






#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



#`P
M




M
3!P=#L^
2PV
C(N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I










38P




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXQ+#8R

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





M







M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S










M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ











T1F;VYT


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M









M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


M

'!T.SXF(S@R
3([


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





M



'!T.SXH
3`N


G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0G=F5R=&EC





G!X



3X\









W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


G!X.V)O






'!T.SXS

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



P
#`P









P
#`P
#`[




7!X('-O;&ED



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M;VTZ






'!T.SXS+CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

M5&EM97


M;&4]


3X\+W1D


M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P
M=#XH


M




M9'1H.C

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&EG;CIT;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z







]
T1T




M;B!O9B!R97-U;'1S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G



'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO


T0P






T0Q
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

T0Q)2!R







#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L













M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R


P
#`P



T1F


G!X.W!A9&1I




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


38P.S(X+`R,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D






M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P



M

CDL(#(P
3
\+V9O




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T







M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY&


M;&EG;CIT;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z








T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








3X\




F4Z
3!P=#L^

SPO9F]N





M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




2!C;VQS




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXS+#



3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R






M/3-$






M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


P
#`P



7!X


T1F

'!T.SXQ-RPY.3$N-CPO


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


P
#`P

M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



CL\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^





M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T1F;VYT


M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE
M.C=P=#XH


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXI






3!P=#L^*#$R+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T






T0R('-T


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ





M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1V97)T:6-A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


M


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXH-S$V


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M;VTZ






P
#`P
M









3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ



P
#`P




#`P







P
#`P
#`[




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


SDN-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I






M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






3!P=#L^
34L
#
Q+C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P



F4Z

M






G!X.R!R;W=S



M9&5N.VAE:6=H=#HQ


38P.SPO





M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M










3X\





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M






M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ-XS/]F;VYT/CPO






M9&EN9RUL969T.C




3!P


M93HQ



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M









3X\





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N






M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P

M/3-$






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR
S`N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S













38P

P
#`P


M

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

#`P
#MB86-K



#`P




3!P=#L^-34N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P

P
#`P

M/3-$



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV


M93HQ



T0S('-T




M9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M










M






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]






T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N









3X\9&EV




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T









G!X.W!A







M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXV+C`\+V9O


2!C;VQS



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[






B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T



M;VTZ



M/3-$



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P





P
#`P

M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-3DN-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O




















M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



[/BA);F-O;64I



G!X.R!R;W=S


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





G!X






M


3!P


M93HQ


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T




G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
XS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M




M.C




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY(

M/3-$





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


G!X.R!R;W=S












M




M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^26YT97)N871I;VYA;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


M


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXR+C4\








#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

M



P
#`P


3X\9&EV










'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@



3!P=#L^)B


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M








M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B







M



M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV











G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR-2XT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]







M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXH







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXH-3$N








G!X.R!R









M93HQ

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P



7!X('-O;&ED
F4Z

M;&4]

'!T.SXY
S$N

P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
M
#`P







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


M




M(S`P
#`P

M

M
#`P


3!P=#L^
3$Q+C(\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^
M/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG
F4Z.'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SX\
M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


CLF(S@R
M
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([
M)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R

M5&EM97


M;&4]


3X\+W1D


M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P
M=#XH


M



M8GD@5T@@1W)O=7`@:6YC;'5D97


M;&4]

#$N


@9F]R('1H92`\+V9O;G0^



@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
C@L(#(P
30\+V9O





T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3!P



M
'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO



M





38P.SPO9F]N

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



@16YD

T1V97)T



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S


#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

38P.S(X+`R,#$S/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



G!X







M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M



'0M


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)B


M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


C0P+C
\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V






C0N



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ







G!X.W!A9&1I










G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXR+#4T


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


#`S+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^
RPQ
S4N
3PO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





G!X



3X\

P
#`P




#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]


#`P

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

M

'!T.SXQ+#0V-BXW


F4Z
M,3!P=#L^5&]T86P@<V5G;65N=!S86QE<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






M;'-P86X]


#`P



M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
!S



M





38P.SPO9F]N




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ-2PV
3(N
SPO9F]N=#X\












G!X












3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXH
3DN



M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B






T1F;VYT+69A





M:'0Z






M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W`Z


M





'!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^2&]G(%!R

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


XS/]F;VYT




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N


M86X]






3!P=#L^*#(L
S@P+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXH

M93HQ


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^26YT97)N871I;VYA;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB




M

T0G=F5R


M





P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N



#`P
#`P.V)A










M;'-P86X]


#`P

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




#`P

M






G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


M

'!T.SXH
BPT
3@N






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ


P
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

F4Z,3!P=#L^0V]N<V]L:61A=&5D('-A;&5S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

P
#`P
#`[)R!R




P
#`P


M/3-$




M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

P
#`P
#`[)R!R




P
#`P


M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,RPR,C$N,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








M;VTZ



M/3-$

'!X


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M86X]




M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT


3!P=#L^)B


M





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V









G!X





M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^-#4N


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]




M






M





38P.SPO9F]N





'!T.SXX

V





M;&4]



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^
C@N
3PO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXW,2XY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS










M




T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT





M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M






M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#L^



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXT

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]


M93HQ

N


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



P
#`P




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

M



P
#`P


3X\9&EV

7!X('-O






!S











'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@



3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z


M9&5N.VAE:6=H=#HQ


38P.SPO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M*#`N

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXQ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


M93HQ

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#L^*#
N
M


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B








M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX,RXX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^,38W+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y
M;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.SXQ,S$N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^26YT97)N871I;VYA;#PO


B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,2XQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^
C@N



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



'!T.SX\9F]N



'!T.SX\9F]N


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




M



#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,C$N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P








P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^*#$S+C8\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

M



P
#`P


3X\9&EV

7!X('-O






M9RUT;W`Z


M;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT.C$P


3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^)B
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M





3!P=#L^)B

M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M









T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^*#$N




G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M9RUT;W`Z













M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


G!X.R!R;W=S








M9RUT;W`Z








M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^26YT97)N

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^*#$S+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXQ

'!T.SX\9F]N








7!X('-O;&ED



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M;VTZ






'!T.SXP+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P





M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S




P
#`P


M


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


M93HQ



T0S('-T




M9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q




3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I






M

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


2!C



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I
M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^4&%C:V%G960@365A='

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.SXT-S`N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B




M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

3DN

M93HQ

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T





M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V









G!X




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B











3X\9&EV

M


3!P


M93HQ



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







M



M9G0Z




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T












#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ
!D
M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR<'@[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC






M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




F4Z
M



'!T.SXW

P
#`P

P
#`P


M

M:'0Z

3!P=#L^




M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T:6-A


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


T1N;VYE+SXR

P
#`P



M:'0Z



M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[









38P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V97)T

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH
M

T1V97)T:6-A


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






M93HQ




M


3!P


M93HQ


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R





M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


3
V+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT



T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


V+C(\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A







M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





G!X






P
#`P
#`[

P
#`P


P
#`P
M

P
#`P


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY#;VYS;VQI9&%T960@=&]T86P@


P
#`P


3X\


P
#`P

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





P
#`P



!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C


M=#HQ


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


R!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV


M93HQ






G!X.W!A9&1I






M


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#MF




M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXR


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C
N



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^








\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O










M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R





M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT.38N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF
M(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
M
3([)B
X

T0P




3X\+W1D




M



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W1E


@;W!E






T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO

3(P

M;&4]






F4Z.'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1F;VYT





2`H<V5E($YO=&4@






M/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.C$R


M
T0T

M



T0Q



T0Y)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]









3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M

P
#`P

3X\9&EV





M;VTZ


7!X('-O;&ED





G!X


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P




38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]


#`P



M


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY4=V5L=F4@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF

38P.S(X+`R,#$T/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

7!X('-O



P
#`P



M:'0Z




M





38P.SPO9F]N


CDL(#(P




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH:6X@;6EL;&EO;G,I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M






T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


C`E

Q-C`[*#$I/]S=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^
3(P+CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




3X\9&EV('-T











#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^





M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


RXU




G!X.W!A9&1I









T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
3

T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXU
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]






3!P=#L^.3`N



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





G!X





M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^
C0N.#PO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B








M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


M

'!T.SXV+C
\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T






M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

Q+C

T0G=F5R




M='5R97






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M





M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\

P
#`P
#`[


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV.2XY/]F;VYT/CPO



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P
#`[





P
#`P

2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,SDN.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US










#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






T0P('-T



M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M









3!P=#LG

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('!R





C`Q

M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

C`Q
M

@
M96YD960@07!R:6P@
C@L(#(P
3

T1F;VYT

'!T.SX@86YD('1H92`\+V9O


M93HQ






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

P
#`P





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P



M;&4]


G!X



3X\

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


M92!-;VYT:'

T0G

M9RUT;W`Z


#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A



M
#`P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


R!S





#`P








M;W`Z

M-R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




M


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P


T1F;VYT+69A


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



'0M86QI









M='EL93II=&%L:6


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

G!X.W!A

M9&5R+6QE9G0Z

M93HQ

T1V


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


#4Q+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






3X\9&EV






T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^26YT97)N871I;VYA;#PO9F]N=#X\


M





3!P=#L^
2PV
3
N



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

P
#`P






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXQ+#0S
XT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$








3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P




#`P







M;&4@(S`P
#`P

M;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
34L
M
#
Q+C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P

#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




P
#`P



P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

P
#`P
#`[8F%C







#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ
RPP.30N
SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[)R!R





M92UH96EG:'0Z

M


M87!H:6

T1F;VYT+69A


38P.S(X

T1F


M




T0Q


M/3-$



M



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P

G!X

M86X]



38P.S(Y



M/3-$




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B












M






M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


SDW+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT

'!T.SX\9F]N


T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ





T1T97AT+6%L




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ+#`U



\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




P
#`P

M




P
#`P








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


P
#`P

#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


]


M($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M

]

T0G9F]N


'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT


M



M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-#`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

P
#`P





M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ





M;VTZ



M/3-$


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO






P
#`P



M





M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1E8V5M8F5R(#(X+`R,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV






P
#`P







M.'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O




P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ






M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



CDL
M(#(P

T1V





M












M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.SXX
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXW-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B




G!X.R!R;W=S





M



M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T






M9G0Z

M9&5R+6QE9G0Z





'!T.SXQ


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M;&4]

'!T.SY/=&AE




M86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH
2D\






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC




M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




M




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M;&4]

7!X




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]





M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M;&4]





G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P






3!P=#L^

#`P












G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z







'!T.SXQ
#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



2!C;VQS





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P






3!P=#L^

#`P











CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R
M.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C
M.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R

@3F5W


T1W:61T





M9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XH
2D\+W-U


T1V97)T:6-A


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]D






T1T;W`^4D503U)424Y'(%-%1TU%3E13/]T9#X-B`@



M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('-H;W=S('1H92!P

@

M

'!X.SX\=&%B


!S='EL93TS1=F



T0T



M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z






G!X.W!A






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M/3-$


G!X.W!A


#`P
#`P



M;VTZ



M/3-$













M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ




M;W`Z



P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ





P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



#`P

6QE






M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ


M)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3

T1V


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T








G!X




M9RUT;W`Z









M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]






T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


7!X('-O;&ED




M

M
#`P



M





G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A




F4Z


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT



M

M9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT







M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXU





M:60@(S`P
#`P






3!P=#L^-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(S`P
#`P






3!P=#L^
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M
#`P




#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T






#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




M
3!P=#L^
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M93HQ




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P
M=#L^

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^

M;&4@(S`P
#`P







P
#`P
#`[


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,#`\+V9O;G0^/]D

F4Z,3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I
M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M9G0Z
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXQ

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P




3X\9&EV


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P





3!P=#L^

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P




3!P


M93HQ






CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
M
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([
M)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

M96EG:'0Z

38P.SPO9F]N

M;&]R.B
P
#`P



;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E
&%B.#@W.&$X



]


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]

($-!4T@@1DQ/5R!)3D9/
M4DU!5$E/3B!3=7!P;&5M96YT86P@0V%S:!&;&]W($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(A4
M86)L97

]
T1T:#Y$96
N





]



3!P

M=&@Z




M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M





M86X]
T0Q
2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M

M:'0Z8F]L9#L^4')E9&5C97-S;W(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T




M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




G!X.W!A




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M8F]L9#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0S('-T


#`P

M


#`P





M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



G!X.R!R





M9&EN9RUL969T.C




3!P


M93HQ


T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

2!C;VQS




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

M;W`Z

M8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R+6QE9G0Z




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L




M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]





M





M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M/3-$





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z










T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

V


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT



G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]




M;&4]





G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]


M93HQ

M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXH

F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I
M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N


;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E
&%B



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO

M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

5%
@3T8@




#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*





3!P=#LG

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/CPO9F]N

3(P)3MT97AT+6%L
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B

T0G9F]N





3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M



T0Q





G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O




P
#`P


G!X.W!A


6QE/3-$




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY4:&ER9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


M93HQ



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH:6X@;6EL;&EO;G





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P
30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M;&4]

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



G!X.W!A

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^
34L
#
Q+C

M;&4]







G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T





M;VTZ







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^-#4T+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M,T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]








M





38P.SPO9F]N





'!T.SXQ.38N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B











3X\9&EV('-T

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L





M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
30R+CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXQ-34N



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B


T0S

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




3!P=#L^)B


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M
F4Z
M
3!P=#L^)B

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B


T0S

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




3!P=#L^)B


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M
F4Z
M
3!P=#L^)B









M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



3!P=#L^)B


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^4V%L97
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS+#,R-BXY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M






3X\





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




G!X.R!R;W=S




G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M





'!T.SXQ
RPX.38N






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D







M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR.#@N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

U

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M
2PR
#4N



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B










3X\9&EV('-T







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^-S@N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^
S
X+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^3F5T

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^
3@N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S




M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M







3(P)3MF;VYT






F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B
M7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7


]



C@L
M(#(P


]
T1T97AT

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@5F%L=6%T:6]N(&%N9!1=6%L:69Y:6YG($%C8V]U





T0P(&-E;&QS




T0Q)2!R



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P
#`P


G!X



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY#;VQU;6X@03PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ




P
#`P



6QE

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF

P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC


M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D-H87)G960@=&\@8V]S='


P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I





'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E

T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY$961U8W1I;VYS/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L








P
#`P
M







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

2!C











#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


P
#`P
M



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

G!X


#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




C`Q




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT




M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M





G!X.W!A9&1I





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1V97)T:6-A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I








G!X







#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M





3!P=#L^

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^



3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M=#HV


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M1FEV92!M;VYT:'
@96YD960@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#(V+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ-XV/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N





M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-2XQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]






G!X.R!R




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


M







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M








G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




M/3-$














G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,BXU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV



M9RUT;W`Z








M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]




M



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M;CMH96EG:'0Z


T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD



3!P=#L^)B








38P

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1O=F5R
F4Z
3!P=#L^
M)B


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


M




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M





38P.SPO9F]N




M/3-$

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O





M9RUT;W`Z











M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I






M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A



M;W1T;VTZ






M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X






'!T.SY4:')E92!M;VYT:'
@96YD960@1&5C
M96UB97(@
CDL(#(P
3

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L









M





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^
3$N
CPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







M





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^1FEV92!M;VYT:'
@96YD960@4V5P


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



3!P=#L^4')E9&5C97-S;W(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N





M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXT+C
\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXP+C

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXH

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

F4Z,3!P
M=#L^,3<N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



3!P=#L^4')E9&5C97-S;W(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\





G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,RXW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D





3X\



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




C`Q
CPO










M;W1T;VTZ

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT




M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M





G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O





M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






G!X.R!R





38P



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






G!X.R!R





38P

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^1&5F



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0S('-T






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M



M



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^-#(N
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





3!P=#L^





M











'!T.SXH

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.R!R







G!X


M








'!T.SXS-XY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]





G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^*#$Q+C(\+V9O





#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXT
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M



C8L(#(P
3


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z








M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXQ+C

T1V97)T:6-A














38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXP+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#L^



C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



G!X.W!A






M/3-$

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^*#`N-#PO







M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




C`Q




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT





M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.SXH
3(N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M93HQ












M

3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

M92!S:&5E='
@;V8@96YT:71I97
@86-Q=6ER960@86YD)B

M8WD@=')A;G-L871I;VX@861J=7-T;65N='







]

R!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'




]
T1T:#Y$
M96

M/D1E8RX@
C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^4V5P+B`R-BP@
C`Q



]









]


]


]








M8G1F=6P@06-C;W5N='










]
M

]
M

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;!
96%S97






]

M-3







]


]



]


]


]

]
T1N















]


C
U+C



]

]
T1T

]
T1N


]

]
T1P


T1T;W`^4F5S96%R8V@@86YD($1E=F5L;W!M96YT

]


]
T1N=6UP

MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

&8X9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED
C1?93!A8C@X-SAA.#4Q
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4R9#!F.&0X7V5B-F)?










M4ED@3T8@4TE'3DE&24-!3E0@04-#3U5.5$E.1R!03TQ)0TE%4R!#;VUP87)A
M=&EV92!&:6YA;F-I86QS(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I/&)R/DEN($UI;&QI

T0Y/C
@36]N=&AS

M1#
^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(X+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q


#$S/&)R

]
T1T:#Y$96

CDL
M(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`R

]
T1T:#Y397`N

M8RX@
S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M07!R+B`R.2P@
C`Q

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
RPW
#(N


RPX.38N
3QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]
T1N






]



]

]
M


]

3$Q+C




]
T1N=6UP/C4X+C@\

M







;W-S(&]N(&1E8G0@97AT:6YG=6ES:&UE;G0\+W1D/@T*

]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$R






;W-S*2!!='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@4&%R96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/C




M


]
T1N=6UP/C$R







]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V%L97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]


]


]

]


]


]



]







]


]



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


]


]


]


]

M=F4@97AP96YS97

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C(Q
M

























]


]






]


]


]


]


]








3$N


]


]
T1N=6UP/CDS

]


]




]


]


]

]


]


]


]


]










































M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X












RPR
C$N

3
L
#DT+C



M97

]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#DP
2XT/'-P

M.3`N








]

]
T1N=6UP/C
T
2XW/'-P




]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^365R9V5R(')E;&%T960@8V]S=',\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]


]


]


]


]


]

]






3DN




T1T




]

]
T1N=6UP

M/B@Q


















]




]


]


]


]


]


]


]




;W-S*2!!='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@4&%R96YT/]T9#X-B`@
















V
M


M
F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4



M14-.04


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(Y+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@



]



]

]
T1N=6UP
M/CDV






]
T1N=6UP/C8Y+C




M




M



]
T1R97!O




24-)15



M
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@

C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q


]



M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XP('EE87)S/'-P86X^/]S





]


]


]


]

]
T1T97AT/C(P('EE87)S






M(%M






M;W9E;65N='

]




]


]


]




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XU('EE87)S/'-P86X^



]





]



T1T;W`^57-E9G5L








]

]
T1P


]




]


T1T;W`^57-E9G5L(&QI9F4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]


]

]
M


]



]

]
T1T97AT/C





]




]


T1T;W`^57-E9G5L(&QI9F4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]


]


]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]
T1T97AT/C
@




]





]





]





]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


]



M=6-C97-S;W(@?!,86YD(&%N9!







]



M:6YG(&%N9!=6EL9&EN9R!);7!R;W9E;65N='


]



]


]


]








M(%M




T1T






]
T1N=6UP/C$Y





]

]
M


]



]




M9VX]


]



]

]
T1N=6UP








]
T1N=6UP/B`Q.3$N



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\U
F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E
&%B.#@W.&$X-3$O




]





3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L


C@L(#(P
30\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q
M

]


]








T1T;W`^


]


]

@6TQI;F4@271E;7-=

]
M

]
T1T

]


M(%M-96UB97)=('P@36EN:6UU;2!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT




]


]

]




L


]
T1T97AT

]




]



T1T;W`^0V]N=')A8W1U86P@4FEG:'1S('P@




]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^57-E9G5L(&QI9F4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]




M;&4@07-S971S(%M












]


]


]
M




L(&YE=#PO=&0^#0H@

]





]

]
M






]
T1R93X-B`@(`@






]



]



]




]








]
T1N=6UP/B`T



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\U
F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E
&%B.#@W.&$X-3$O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]




]

T0Q/C(@36]N=&AS

M1#
^
R!-;VYT:'



]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N


]
T1T
M:#Y*=6PN(#










:6YE($ET96US















@









]


]


]


]


#`L
M


L($9I=F4@4&]I;G0@16EG:'0@2'5N9')E9!3
M979E;G1Y+49I=F4@4&5R8V5N=P@1'5E($%U9W5S=`Q+`R


@









]


]


]


]


#`L
M










@06-Q=6ES:71I


]

C`L-#`P+#`P


]


]




M8F5R72!\(%=(($=R;W5P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X








@06-Q=6ES:71I;VX@6TQI;F4@271E;7-=

]
M






P


]


]

]




]
T1N=6UP
M/C4U+#`P


L(%=E:6=H=&5D($%V97)A9V4@57-E9G5L($QI



]


]


]



]


]


]


]



]

M;F0@3&EA8FEL:71I97

#`L
#`P

M-#`L
#`P+#`P


]


]
T1N=6UP/C0P+#`P



]



]
M


]

















L(%=E

M365M8F5R72!\(%=(($=R;W5P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$








@06-Q=6ES:71I;VX@6TQI;F4@271E


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$X+#`P

#`L
M



]


]


]


]



]



]


]


]


T1T;W`^365R9V5R(')E;&%T960@8V]S='


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

S`P+#`P


]


&8X9#A?96(V8E\T
M.6
T7SED
C1?93!A8C@X-SAA.#4Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T

2]7


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5$5T)'/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S



@06-Q=6ER960@*$1E=&%I;'

]

]



]
T1T:#Y$96


]


M='

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C4P+#4P


]


]

#`L




]


]

]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I;&P\+W1D/@T*(`@

]



BPU
#`L
M





RPP
#`L

M='

]
T1N=6UP/C$W
2PW
#`L
#`P


]

S@L-3`P+#`P



SDL
3`P+#`P



T1T;W`^06-C;W5N
M='




M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D%C8W)U960@97AP96YS97

M;&EA8FEL:71I97

]
T1N=6UP/C4Y
M


BPU
M
#DL
3`P+#`P

M86QI9VX]











T1T;W`^3W1H97(@;&EA8FEL:71I97
\+W1D

]
T1N=6UP/C$R-2PX
#`L
#`P/'-P86X^


]



S`P+#`P




T1T;W`^4'5R

]
T1N=6UP/C0L
M.3`S+#`P


]


@06-Q=6ER960@86YD($QI86)I;&ET:65S


M
C$T+#(P


]











#`L














]
T1N=6UP/C
L
#`P+#`P
#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M06-Q=6ER960@1FEN:71E+6QI=F5D($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@07-S971S+!796EG
M:'1E9!!=F5R86=E(%5S969U;!
:69E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ


]



]

]






]


T1T;W`^06-Q=6ER960@1FEN:71E+6QI=F5D

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


@06-Q=6ES


]


@06-Q=6ER960@86YD($QI86)I;&ET






L(%=E:6=H=&5D($%V


&8X9#A?96(V8E\T
M.6
T7SED

O4VAE970U
BYH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




T0Q/C@@36]N=&AS($5N

M

C@L(#(P

]

S`L(#(P
30\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q
M

M

]
T1T:#Y$96
N

M8RX@
CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@














M



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RPX.30N


]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
RPS

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
34L
#
Q+C





]



#4N
SQS


]





]


]


]


]


]


]



]



]


]


]


]


]


]



]

]


]


]


]


]


]

RPR
C$N


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@









]

T1)1#!%5C5!13X-B`@(`@(#QT




]
T1T:#Y$96


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@










@0V]M8FEN871I



]
T1N=6UP/C4L
3@W+C


2PV


]






]

@06-Q=6ER960\+W1D

]




@
M0V]M8FEN871I;VXL($-O;G-I9&5R871I;VX@5')A;G-F97)R960\+W1D/@T*




















]
T1N=6UP/C








]



T1T;W`^3F]N8V]N=')O


]
T1T

]


M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3)D
&8X9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED
M






M0U%525-)5$E/3E

]

M(&-O;'-P86X]


]
T1T:#Y397`N(#

C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`R-RP@
C`Q


]



]



@0V]M8FEN871I;VXL













T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I;&P\+W1D/@T*

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-C


BXU/'-P86X^



]
M









]


]



]




@0V]M8FEN
M871I;VXL($-O;G-I9&5R871I;VX@5')A;G-F97)R960\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]



]
T1T97AT

]






:6%B





]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^








F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R
M-%]E



^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@


M:79E(A$971A:6QS*2`H4&%C:V%G960@365A=',@4V5G;65N=!;365M8F5R



CXQ
B!-
M;VYT:'


]


]



]

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@







\+W1D/@T*

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U,F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?
M.60R-%]E,&%B.#@W.&$X-3$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO-3)D
&8X9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED

M:&5E='
O4VAE970U-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M

@1DE.04Y#24%
($E.4U1254U%3E13


]

]

M;'-P86X]


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

#$R/&)R

]

C@L
M(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R
M.2P@
C`Q

]






]


]



T1T;W`^06-C=6UU;&%T960@;W1H




]


]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


















]


]


]


]


]


]

@4')I8V5S

]
T1N=6UP/C4N


]


]
M

;W-S97




]
T1N=6UP/C0N


]











]


M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U,F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E
M,&%B.#@W.&$X-3$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3)D
M
&8X9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED

O
M4VAE970U-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQS

@1DE.04Y#24%
($E.4U1254U%3E13($9A:7(@


]
T1T:#Y$96









T1T;W`^1&5S:6=N871E

]





]

]
M



]

]
T1N=6UP




]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]


]

@07-S970\+W1D/@T*

]



]




]


]







:6%B:6QI='D\+W1D/@T*




]
T1T


M


]
T1T97AT

]

@07-S970\

]


]





]
M

]

]
T1T


M

]




:6%B:6QI

]
T1R


]





]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C(N

]



]






M


@



T1T




]






M;7`^

]



T1T

]




M1&YU;7`^


]







]
T1N=6UP/C`N



]

@6TUE

]


]

]



T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV

]






]


]
T1N=6UP/C8N


]

M/B@Q

]


]
T1N=6UP/C8N



]

@6TUE


]





]



]




]
T1N=6UP






]








]

]
M


]



]
T1N=6UP/C`N


M



]
T1N=6UP/C$N

]
T1P




]


]



T1T;W`^3W1H97(@0W5R









@3&EA8FEL:71Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M


M1&YU;7`^
C@N


]



]





C`N

]

M/3-$;G5M/B@S


]


]



]


]


T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!
:6%B:6QI='DL



]


]





]
T1N
M=6UP/C




]
T1N=6T^*#
R+C



]



]


]

]



T1T;W`^1&5R:79A
M=&EV92!



]
T1N=6UP/C`N
M


T1T
M;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!
:6%B:6QI='DL($9A:7(@5F%L=64L($=R;W-S($%S










]





]


]





]






]
T1R93X-


]


&8X
M9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED

O4VAE




04D^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@







]



]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3


]




]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@


]





3


]


]

]
T1R;SX-


]
T1N
M=6UP/C8N

]

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q



]


]
T1N=6UP/C8N



]





M9VX]
T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!
:6%B:6QI='DL($9A:7(@5F%L=64L($=R

]
T1N=6T^


]





T1T;W`^
M1&5R:79A=&EV92!





]





M

M;7`^

]

@

]
T1N=6T^


]



]
T1N=6UP/C4N


]




]
T1R;SX-


M96YT($QI86)I;&ET:65S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L



L($9A:7(@5F%L=64@

]

]
T1N=6UP

M;7`^

]




]
T1N=6UP/C





]
T1N=6T^*#
R+C
I/'-P86X^

34N-CQS

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M1&5R:79A=&EV92!,:6%B:6QI='DL($9A:7(@5F%L=64L($%M;W5N=!/9F9S


]


M97

]


]
T1N=6UP/C`N


T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!
:6%B:6QI='DL($9A












T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV
M92!













2XR


:6%B:6QI



]
M
T1N=6UP/C$N


]





]


]




]
T1T97AT


T1T


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]




@07-S970\








]
T1N=6UP/B0@
XR/'-P86X^/]S

M;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3)D
&8X9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED
C1?93!A8C@X-SAA.#4Q

O4VAE970U.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]

@1DE.04Y#24%
($E.4U12
M54U%3E13($YO=&EO;F%L($%M;W5N='
@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^

]
M









]

]
T1N=6UP/CDY+#4X
M


]



M






]


]


]



L($]T:&5R

#`P





]
T1R


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^36EN:6UU;2!.;W1I;VYA;!6;VQU


M9VX]

#`P/'-P86X^

96%N
M($AO9W







M
30L-C`P+#`P


]






T1T;W`^

]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C(P+#@X-BPQ



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]
T1N=6UP/C@R
M-RPS





]




]










T1T;W`^36EN:6UU;2!.;W1I;VYA;!6;VQU;65S+!/



]
T1R


]

]


]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^36%X:6UU;2!.;W1I;VYA;!6;VQU

M;7`^.#4L



]


]




M97
L($]T:&5R(%5N:71S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#`T


]



\

]


]
T1N=6UP/C8L.#@X+#`P


]






]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

M;7`^.#`L



L($]T:&5R(%5N



]

]


]


M86QI9VX]

:6YE($ET96US73PO


M(%9O;'5M97
L($UO;F5T87)Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


]
M

]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^36EN:6UU;2!.;W1I;VYA;!6



L($UO;F5T

C4Q+#`U
M



]

M961G97



R!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'




]
T1T:#Y$
M96

M/D1E8RX@
CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$

]
M
T1T:#Y397`N(#(V+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`R.2P@
C`Q

]
T1P


]


]


]



M(A,;W-S97,I(&EN($%C8W5M=6QA=&5D($]T:&5R($-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@
M26YC;VUE(A

]
M


M9VX]

M86-T(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\








]

;W-S*2!T;R!B92!2
M96-L87-S:69I960@=VET:&EN(%1W96QV92!-;VYT:'

]
T1N=6UP/C$N


]


]






]


]


]



M;G1S+!'86EN(A


]


]


]



]

30N





M=F4@26YS=')U;65N='

I(%)E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@26YC
M;VUE+!);F5F9F5C=&EV92!0;W)T:6]N(&%N9!!;6]U;G0@17AC;'5D960@



]


M=R!(961G:6YG(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$









]





]
T1R;SX-









I(%)E8V]G;FEZ



]

M86QI9VX]



]










I









]
T1T97AT/CQS








]









M='



I+!%9F9E8W1I=F4@4&]R=&EO;BP@3F5T/]T











]


M;65N='





M8V]M92P@26YE9F9E8W1I=F4@4&]R=&EO;B!A;F0@06UO=6YT($5X8VQU9&5D

]


















;W-S*2!296-O






]


]

]
T1P



]


]


]



M+!'86EN(A


]


]


]


]

M=6UE;G1S+!'86EN(A

M9F9E8W1I=F4@4&]R=&EO;B!A;F0@06UO=6YT($5X8VQU9&5D(&9R;VT@169F


]


]



M871I=F4@26YS=')U;65N='

I(%M
:6YE($ET96US73PO


;W-S*2P@169F96-T:79E

]
T1T


M
'!E;G-E(%M-96UB97)=('P@0V%S:!&

]
M

]
M

]
M

]



]


]


]




M=&\@26YC;VUE+!%9F9E8W1I=F4@4&]R=&EO;BP@3F5T/]T9#X-B`@(`@



]



M1&YU;7`^

]
M

]
M

]

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]



]


]


]

]
M







M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+C4I/'-P


]










;W-S*2!296-L87-S:69I960@9G)O

]
T1N=6UP/C(N-#QS

]
T1N=6UP/C(Y






]













]

M9F9E8W1I=F4@4&]R=&EO;BP@3F5T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

M/3-$;G5M/B@R+C












]


]


]





;W-S*2!;3&EN92!)

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


]
M












M+!'86EN(A
;W-S*2!296-L87-S:69I960@9G)O;2!!8V-U;75L871E9!/
M0TD@:6YT;R!);F-O;64L($5F9F5C=&EV92!0;W)T:6]N+!.970\+W1D/@T*

]







M(&EN($EN8V]M92P@26YE9F9E8W1I=F4@4&]R=&EO;B!A;F0@06UO=6YT($5X

]






]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4')E9&5C
M97-S;W(@?!










CDN





@

M26YS=')U;65N='

I(%M










]



M
S(N

]


@5&5S=&EN9RP@3F5T



]



]


]


]


]

]
T1P


]


]


]





]


]




]


]


]


]



]

]


]


]



T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!);G-T



]

]
T1R

















I(%M


;W-S


]


]






M='

I(%M









]







]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@






]


]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4')E9&5C97-S;W(@?!&;W)E:6=N($5X8VAA;F=E



]


]


]





;W-S*2!;3&EN92!)=&5M

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]
T1T

]
M





]









M26YS=')U;65N='




]
T1N=6T^
M*#0N



I(%)E
M8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@26YC;VUE+!);F5F9F5C=&EV92!0;W)T:6]N(&%N9!!




M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3)D
&8X9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED
C1?93!A

O4VAE970V
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

@1DE.04Y#
M24%


M;CTS1#$^
R!-;VYT:'

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@




]
T1T:#Y$96

C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`R-BP@
C`Q


#$S/&)R/CPO

]

@

]


]


]



]

]


]


]


]

]
M

]
M

]


]

]

















@069F96-T960@16%R;FEN9W


]


]





]


]



M;G1S+!'86EN(A


]


]







M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
BXX*3QS


]


]


]










]



@
M*$=A:6YS*2!
;W-S97

@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@
M36EL;&EO;G

]


]




#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(Y+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@










]





]


]






]


]


T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!)

]
T1N=6UP/C8N

]
T1T97AT

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^4')E9&5C97-S;W(@?!&;W)E:6=N($5X8VAA;F=E($-O;G1R86-T(%M-


]


]






]


]



T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV


]
T1N=6UP/C
N

]
T1T


M









]


]


]




]


]


]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]
M


]
'!E;G-E(%M-96UB97)=('P@











]
M

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y
M8S1?.60R-%]E



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W


M14Y44R!.87)R871I=F4@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO
M;G









@

]




M9VX]


]

]
M

M=F5S=&UE;G0L($%D9&ET:6]N86P@26YF;W)M871I;VX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]


]



M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3)D
&8X9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED
C1?93!A8C@X


M;G1E;G0]

M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

@4V-H961U;&4@





]

]



]



]








]



T1T;W`^17%U:71Y





]




:6YE($ET96US




@6TQI;F4@271E;7-=

]
M


M



]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q

]











0T*



]

M:60]


M14Y44R!38VAE9'5L92!O9B`H26YC;VUE*2!
;W-S(&9R;VT@17%U:71Y($UE



3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

M/3-$

@16YD960\+W1H

CXQ
B!-;VYT
M:'


]
T1T:#Y$96

MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S,P@
C`Q


#$S/&)R/CPO

]

]
M


]
M

]
M

]
M

]


]


]


]


]


]




]


]


]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^17%U:71Y($UE=&AO9!);G9E









]


]


]




















M($-A;7!O9G)I;R!&;V]D($=R;W5P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S








]


]


]






]


]

]
M











M=&UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T
RXW*3QS

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T


@6TQI;F4@271E


]


























]


]


]


]









]




]









]


]


]







]

]





]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

&8X9#A?96(V8E\T
M.6
T7SED
C1?93!A8C@X-SAA.#4Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T

2]7


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5*4$%%/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S







]
T1T
M:#Y$96

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S


]










]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
2PW


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



T1T;W`^17%U:71Y($UE



]





]





C$N-3QS



]
T1N=6UP/C(L







]
T1N=6UP/C$L


M97-T;65N=P@4W5M;6%R:7IE9!&:6YA;F-I86P@26YF;W)M871I;VXL($YO



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]



'0O:'1M



]




C@L(#(P
M
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
M
C`Q

]

]
T1R


]
T1N=6UP/B0@







\+W1D

]



]
T1N=6UP




]
T1N=6UP/B0@-S0U


M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

&8X9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED
C1?93!A8C@X-SAA.#4Q#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4R9#!F.&0X7V5B-F)?-#EC-%\Y





^


M1$E$





#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@






]


]


]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S



]

]
T1P




M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/C(P


]





]


]


]

BPW



]




T1T;W`^5&]T86P@;&]N9RUT97)M(&1E8G0\+W1D




]


]

]
T1P

M:7-C;W5N=`H4')E;6EU;2DL($YE=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S



]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#$T+C





]


]


]





]
T1T97AT

]

M-3$Y+C



M86QI9VX]



]


]



]




]

:6YE















]


T1T;W`^5&]T86P@9&5B=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT





]









]

]













]




]

]
M





]


]


]



]



M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U,F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?
M.60R-%]E,&%B.#@W.&$X-3$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO-3)D
&8X9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED

M:&5E='
O4VAE970V.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M


]


]





]


]


T1T


M/E!R;V-E961S(&9R;VT@27-S=6%N8V4@;V8@3&]N9RUT97)M($1E8G0L($YE





:69E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ


M-3)D
&8X9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED
C1?93!A8C@X-SAA.#4Q#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4R9#!F.&0X7V5B-F)?-#EC-%\Y9#(T





^+RH@


M





R!-;VYT:'
@16YD

CXQ
M
B!-;VYT:'




M

C`Q


C8L(#(P
3


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M17AT:6YG=6ES:&UE;G0@;V8@1&5B=P@06UO=6YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


]


]


]


]


]

]
M

]



T1T;W`^4V5N


]
T1R


]


]



T1T;W`^17AT:6YG=6ES










]







C`Q










]



T1T;W`^17AT:6YG=6ES:&UE;G0@











T1T;W`^4V5N:6]R

#$W/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$






]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]








]
T1R93X-









]


]


]


]


#`\




M/DIU;'D@
C`Q


]


]

M86QI9VX]











]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

M







]


]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^17AT:6YG=6ES:&UE
M;G0@;V8@1&5B=P@06UO=6YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$







M:6=N/3-$=&]P/DIU;'D@
C`Q

30\+W1D/@T*

]


]











]



]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

:6YE($ET96US



]













]



3
R+C@\





]



;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E
&%B.#@W.&$X



]



T0Q/C
@36]N=&AS($5N

M-2!-;VYT:'


SXQ
B!-;VYT:'



T0Q
M/C@@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@

2!-;VYT:'




C`Q


#$S/&)R

C`Q
M

M

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#

M9RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M2G5N+B`S

]
T1T
M:#Y*86XN(#

M1'1H/D%U9RX@
#$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@




]
















2PU
#`L
#`P
M+#`P

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M





]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^3&EN

S$T+#$P

#`L
M




M;7`^
S$T+#$P


]





P

















L
M
C`P+#`P


]


]


]


]


]

RXP


]
T1N=6UP/C
N
#`E/'-P86X^


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]


]

#`L

P

]
T1N=6UP
M/C(R.2PY
#`L


C0U+#
P

]





]


]



T1T;W`^04)
($-R961I














:6YE($ET96US73PO


#`L

;W-S(&]N(&1E8G0@97AT:6YG

]


]


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]


]















]


]


]


]


]






]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#(U+#`P


]



]


]


]


]


]




]


]
T1N=6UP/C`N-3`E/'-P











]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]


XU('1O(#$N,P@86YD(&]U

@9&5F:6YE



























M/DQI;F4@;V8@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71Y(%M















]


]
T1N=6UP/C
R-2PP
#`L
#`P/'-P86X^








M


]



]


]


]









]



M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XP+C,P)2!P;'5S(#$N,#4E/'-P86X^/]S



3`U/'-P













2PS
#`L


M:79A8FQE($AE;&0@0GD@4U!6/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$





]


]


]


]




]


]


]


]


]


]

]
M



]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1P







BPR
M
#`L



M1&YU;3XH








]


]


]


]


]


]





]


]


]


]


]


]




]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

M
RPP
C`L
3`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C(L-S$W+#@P





#`L
#`P/'-P86X^







]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]









M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y

M=7(@96QE8W1I;VXL(&$@8F%S92!R871E('!L=7
@








]


]


2XW-2!T;R`Q































#`L
#`P+#`P

]
M

]
T1R;SX-
















]


#`\

















]

T1)1#!%
4]!

]

M

]


C@L(#(P
30\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^075G+B`P
2P@
C`Q
CQB

]













M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#YM:6YI;75M



]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4')E9&5C97-S;W(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]


]

]
T1P





]
T1T97AT

M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3)D
&8X9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED
M

O4VAE970W
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]

T0Q/C4@
M36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@8V]L


CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`R-BP@
C`Q


#`X/&)R/CPO=&@^



]




M3G5M8F5R(&]F(%-E8W5R:71I97





T1T;W`^4&%Y
M;65N='

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]



#$S



















]


]


]


]







]


]


M



]
T1R97!O



14%3
M12!/0DQ)1T%424].4RP@0T]-34E4345.5%
@04Y$($=505)!3E1%15
@3F%R

T0Q/C

3(@36]N

M;CTS1#$^-2!-;VYT:'

CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`R.2P@
C`Q


C8L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$

]
M



]
M

]
M


M9VX]












]
T1T

]

]


RXW/'-P




M87!I=&%L($QE87-E($]B;&EG871I;VYS+!#=7)R96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@





]


]


]



T1T;W`^0V]M;6ET=&5E



]


]


]



]
T1N


]









]























]
T1T97AT/CQS

M86QI9VX]







96%S97
L(%)E;G0@17AP96YS







M
F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4



M14]&04




#$T/&)R/CPO



34\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


]




]


]




]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86P\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M83@U



]
T1R




]
T1T:#Y$96





M(%M


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$L
C0U+C

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/C(P


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/CDV



#$X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M


M4&%R=%\U
F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E








M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/C@@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H

@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q



]

CDL(#(P

M86YG92!I;B!5;G)E8V]G;FEZ960@5&%X($)E;F5F:71S(&ES(%)E87-O;F%B

]




]


]


]

]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C







]


]



]



]







@17AP96YS


M;FEZ960@5&%X($)E;F5F:71S('1H870@5V]U;&0@26UP86-T($5F9F5C=&EV

]
T1N=6UP

M;7`^
3
N

]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^5&%X97


]
T1N=6UP/C$N

]

]
T1R

L($EN=&5R97-T(&]N($EN8V]M92!487AE


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@P+C4I






]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT





]


&8X9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED
C1?93!A8C@X
M-SAA.#4Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4R9#!F.&0X





^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\




M/DE.0T]-12!405A%4R!38VAE9'5L92!O9B!#;VUP;VYE;G1S(&]F($EN8V]M


M
R!-;VYT:'


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'




M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.P@


#$S/&)R

C`Q
M

M
#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$

]


]


]




M9SY#=7)R96YT(&EN8V]M92!T87@@97AP96YS92`H8F5N969I=DZ/]S=')O








]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

]
T1N=6UP/C$V+C(\






]
T1N=6UP/C$V
M+C






]
T1N=6UP/C$N


]


]









]


]



T1T;W`^1F]R96EG


















]


]


]


]



M1&YU;7`^
3


]
T1N=6UP/C







]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@

]
M













]

]


]





M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S+C$I/'-P86X^

]

]



]






&8X9#A?96(V
M8E\T.6
T7SED
C1?93!A8C@X-SAA.#4Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T

M


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V



2!R






T0Q/C4@36]N=&AS

M1#(^

CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^

]

C@L(#(P
M
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`R.2P@
M
C`Q

]

]
T1R



]


]
T1N=6UP/C

RXU

]







M;G

]
T1N=6UP/C`N
#`E






]
T1R93X-


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@P+C@P











]


]


]



M
S$N

M1&YU;7`^
C@N















M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@P+C(P


\+W1D

]


]
T1N=6UP/C`N-C`E/'-P86X^

BXT



]


]





]


2XU






]
T1N
M=6UP/C`N











M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3)D
&8X9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED
C1?93!A

O4VAE970X


M(&-O;G1E;G0]




]
T1T:#Y$96


]


]






]



]

]




M=&EV97



]
M

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D]T:&5R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


C@N



]
T1N=6UP/C
V
BXS/'-P86X^

M871I;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

]
M
T1N=6T^*#0R+C

]
T1P







M
3@N

]


]



]




M:71I97



]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP


M/5].97AT4&%R=%\U
F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E
&%B.#@W.&$X



M;W)T(&ED/3-$240P14-(04


]
T1T
M:#Y$96

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@



\+W1D



M;64@=&%X97


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B
M7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


M344@5$%815



]




]
T1T:#Y$96

C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@

]





]

\

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3
N-SQS

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
34N


]

M;G

]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]







]

L($1E8W)E87-E


]
T1N=6T^*#$N



M
!96YE9FET<RP@4F5D=6-T:6]N<R!2


M3&EM:71A=&EO;G

M




]






]





]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(Y+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`R-BP@
C`Q

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@


]

]


]


]




]




]


]


]


]








#`L
M







]








]
T1N=6UP/C0L
3`P+#`P
















]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


2PV
#`L
M
#`P+#`P

]
M

]
M

]

]
T1R






M



]
T1R97!O








SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

3X\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@


M.2P@
C`Q




C`Q

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*



]

]






]


]


]



]







]

]
T1N
M=6T^*#







]


]



]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP

M1&YU;7`^

]
M

]
M

]


]


]
T1N=6UP/CDN


]


]




]


]







]
T1N=6T^*#4S


]


]
T1N=6T^*#4S

]


]


]




M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U





M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D%C8W)U960@97AP96YS97

M;&EA8FEL:71I97









]


M3V)L:6=A=&EO;G

S`N


]
T1N=6UP/C4S


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]





]
T1N=6UP/C$L


BXX


M
2PQ


]

\

]


]


]



T1T;W`^16UP


]


M;65N='
L(%!L86X@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$





]














]


]


]


]

]
T1P

C
N





M;7`^









F0P9CAD
M.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E

M;G1E;G0]

^


C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q


]




]

]




]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@


]


;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E
&%B.#@W.&$X



]

M14Y4(%!
04Y3(%-C:&5D=6QE(&]F($-O;7!O;F5N='

M9&EC(%!E;G-I;VX@0V]S='
@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL
M;&EO;G


M:'

M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'



T0Q/C
@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@

]

C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`R.2P@
C`Q


#$S/&)R


]
T1R




]


]




]


]


]

]
M










]



]


]






]





T1T;W`^3F5T(&%M

]
T1N=6UP











]











]
T1R



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/CDN

]


M;7`^.#0N

]
M

]
M





T1T;W`^3F5T

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@






]


R!-;VYT:'

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

3XU($UO;G1H

]
T1T:#Y$96

C@L(#(P
30\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`R-BP@
C`Q
M

M

]
M













]
T1N=6UP/C4N
S`E







]
T1T

]
T1T

]

]
T1N=6UP








]


]


]

]


]


]


]












]




]
T1N



]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP




]
M

]


]
T1N=6UP/C0N
#`E/'-P86X^





]



M
C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`R.2P@
C`Q

]


]
T1T97AT

]




M970@06QL;V-A=&EO;G
@4F%N9V4@36EN:6UU;3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT




]



T1T;W`^17%U:71Y(%-E
M8W5R:71I97

]


]




M;V-A=&EO;G





M97

]


]



M;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;BP@5&%R9V5T(%!L86X@07-S970@06QL;V-A=&EO
M;G


\

]



]

M($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;BP@5&%R9V5T(%!L86X@07-S970@06QL;V-A=&EO;G
@







]













]

]
T1N=6UP/C$P
RXQ













]

]
T1P





T1T;W`^4W5C8V5S






]

]
M



T1T;W`^4')E9&5C97-S

]


]



M('9A;'5E(&]F('!L86X@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




M17%U:79A;&5N='
L($YE=!O9B!5;G-E='1L960@5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS/]T



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]






]

]



M;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M





M
T1T;W`^4')E9&5C97-S;W(@?!$96)T(%-E8W5R:71I97,\+W1D/@T*(`@

]



M:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M






T1T


]



M:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M






M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E
M

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O




C@L(#(P
30\8G(^





T1T;W`^
C`Q-#PO


]




38\+W1D/@T*




#$Y+3(P
C


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\U
F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E
&%B.#@W.&$X-3$O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(Y+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@

]

M;&]Y97(@4&QA;G






]

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@








]


]


]

]









]



]


]
T1T97AT/C4Q-C`U
M-3DR

]
T1T

]








]


]

]
M

]
M


M9VX]




]
T1T97AT/CQS

]




]
T1R

]

]


]



T1T;W`^375L













L($-E





M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/DUU;'1I96UP;&]Y97(@4&QA;G
L($-O;&QE8W1I=F4M


]
M


M9VX]

]


]



T1T;W`^375L=&EE


3QS


MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

&8X9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED
C1?93!A8C@X-SAA.#4Q
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4R9#!F.&0X7V5B-F)?










M62!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL@*$1E=&%I;'

C@L(#(P
M
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
M
C`Q

]

]
T1R




2PP









]




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H


M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`R.P@
C`Q

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@









]




M
C@L



]

]






M+C


M
F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4








]

#$S/&)R/DEN8V5N=&EV92!#;VUP96YS871I;VX@4&QA;CQB


CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^26YC96YT:79E($-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!0;&%N/&)R
M/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P
M+B`R-BP@
C`Q


C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^26YC96YT:79E($-O;7!E
M;G-A=&EO;B!0;&%N/&)R/E-T;V-K($]P=&EO;G

]



M1'1H/D1E8RX@
C@L(#(P
30\8G(^5T@@1W)O=7`@26YC96YT:79E(%!L86X@























]











]


]


]


]



]


M










M-3


M
T1T;W`^4&%Y;65N='

\+W1D

]


]


]


]


]








]




]
T1T:#Y$96







]

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C`N


]
T1N=6UP
M/C(N






'0O:'1M



]

M72D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G

@


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@

#$T/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@






]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$V











M($]P=&EO;G

M1W)A;G0@1&%T92!&86ER(%9A;'5E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


RXR




M=&EO;G
L($]U='-T86YD:6YG+!.=6UB97(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]
T1N=6UP/C$U
2PT
#`L

34Q+#0P










M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y+#$P



M+R\O0SHO-3)D
&8X9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED
C1?93!A8C@X-SAA.#4Q+U=O

O4VAE970Y-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]



2!-
M;VYT:'




S$L(#(P
#@\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@






]







\+W1D

]



T1T;W`^4&%Y;65N='
@



]









]


]



3

]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@4F5P=7)C:&%S960@86YD(%)E=&ER960@1'5R:6YG


M







]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP
M/C
L.#DT+#4Q





]
M


I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G
L



#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@






]



T1T;W`^06-C


3$W+C8I/'-P86X^

30N-CQS


T1T;W`^

I


]



M;3XH








M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&]T:&5R(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@








]


]


]



&8X9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED
C1?93!A8C@X-SAA
M.#4Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4R9#!F.&0X7V5B





^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C





M;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G


]

]

]
T1T:#Y$96

C`Q
M

M

]
M



]


]



M;VUE*2!



]


]


]












]




]







3$N



]


]
T1T

]


]


]




]






]



]



]



]





]
T1N=6UP/C$T




M1&YU;3XH

M/3-$;G5M/B@Q
#4N














T1T




]


]
T1N=6T^*#DN


M97
I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-C8N




M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+C
I





]
T1N=6UP/C8U







]


]







]


]


]

;W-S*2P@5&%X/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S





]
M

]
T1N=6T^*#(U-RXV*3QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C
Y



]


]



M92`H26YC;VUE*2!



M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q







M;3XH


]
T1N=6UP/C
U+C







]
M





]




]






CDN






]
T1N=6T^*#8V+C





]


]


]



]






L(%1A


]


]
T1N=6T^*#
N












L(&)E9F]R92!487@\

]
T1R




























L(%)E






]



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]






#QS

]
T1N=6T^


]

;W-S*2P@4F5C


M1&YU;3XH


]

]
T1P

M871I=F4@17AP96YS97


]


]


]


]







]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS








]




M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@P+C
I














]






]

S(N







]


]



]
T1T97AT

]


]


]








]


]
T1N=6T^*#

















#QS


]

;W-S*2P@4F5C;&%S






]
M







0T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)




L

@;W1H








]





]




M


]

M86QI9VX]

L($QI86)I;&ET





]



]
T1N=6UP
M/C



L($QE=F5L(#$\+W1D/@T*

]



]














]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F]N9!396-U





]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%S:!3=7)R96YD


]



RXW/'-P

C`\






]

:6%B:6QI='DL($9A:7(@

]
T1N





]




T1T;W`^1F%I





]






]




]



M9VX]

]






T1T;W`^26YT97)E






]
T1N=6UP



]






M0F%S:7


]


M86QI9VX]


T1T



]
T1R93X-

M86QI9VX]

]
M







M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E
M


M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4










]


@?!&86ER(%9A;'5E+!);G!U='
L($QE=F5L(#
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]



M4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M








]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#`N







]



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]






]
T1N=6UP/C$L

2PR


]



]




]



]














]



]


]


]


]

]



]


]


]




]
T1N=6UP/C





M87-H($5Q=6EV86QE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X





]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL($9A:7(@5F%L=64@;V8@

L($5X8VQU9&EN9R!5;G-E='1L960@5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS




@?!&86ER(%9A;'5E
M+!);G!U='

]
T1T


M

M(%M

M;G


T1T;W`^4W5C






]


]


]
T1R


]
T1T

]
T1T

]







]





]


]


]



]
M






L($QE=F5L(#$\

]



M;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M









]


]


]






]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]






]



]

]


]



]


M9VX]

L($9I;F%N








M1&YU;7`^
S


]



]


]


]




]




979E;`S/]T




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]


]


]





M97
L($-O;G-U;65R(%-T87!L97

]
M


M9VX]

M=7)E(%M


M=&EO;G


T1T;W`^

L($-O;G-U;65R(%-T87!L
M97
@?!&86ER(%9A;'5E+!);G!U='
L($QE=F5L(#$\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]



M4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M







M86QI9VX]

L($-O
M;G-U;65R(%-T87!L97
@?!&86ER(%9A;'5E+!);G!U='
L($QE=F5L(#(\

]



M;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M









M3&5V96P@




]


]



]

]
M


M9VX]

M=7)E(%M


M=&EO;G


M86QU92P@26YP=71S+!,979E;`Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S







]


T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL($9A:7(@5F%L

L($5X8VQU9&EN9R!5;G-E='1L960@5')A;G-A


]
T1N=6UP/CDN-#QS

]













]




]
M

]
M

]






]









M9FEN960@0F5N969I=!0;&%N+!&86ER(%9A;'5E(&]F(%!L86X@07-S971S



]





]


]


]

]
M


M

L($EN9F]R;6%T
M:6]N(%1E8VAN;VQO9WD@?!&86ER(%9A;'5E+!);G!U='
L($QE=F5L(#(\

]



M;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M














]


]


]






]



]
M


@?!&86ER(%9A;'5E+!);G!U='
L($QE=F5L(#$\+W1D/@T*

]



M;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M








M97








]



T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE

L($5X
M8VQU9&EN9R!5;G-E='1L960@5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




]

979E

]
T1R93X-

]


]


]




M8W5R:71I97


]



M:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M








]



L

M='

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

:6YE


\+W1D

]




M('P@17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R:71I97

M8V4@?!&86ER(%9A;'5E+!);G!U='
L($QE=F5L(#(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]



M4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M









M96P@






]
M


]

]







]


T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL($9A:7(@

L($5X8VQU9&EN9R!5;G-E='1L960@5')A

SDN
M

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$S


3PO=&0^#0H@









]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



M:71I97
L($EN=&5R;F%T:6]N86P@?!&86ER(%9A;'5E+!);G!U='
L($QE

]




M9SY$969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M
:6YE($ET96US













M=&]P/D1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!0;&%N+!&86ER(%9A;'5E(&]F(%!L86X@



]












]
T1N=6UP



]


]

]
M








]
T1N=6UP





]


]

]
M








]
T1N=6UP



]





]


T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L

L($5X8VQU9&EN9R!5;G-E
M='1L960@5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


M1&YU;7`^

]


]


]


]






]
T1N=6UP/C







]


]


]
T1R

@4VUA;&P@0V%P('P@1F%I







]


T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL($9A:7(@

L($5X8VQU9&EN9R!5;G-E='1L960@5')A


M

L($QE=F5L(#


]



M:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M







]


]


]




]





]


]

]


]


]

M86QI9VX]








]


T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL($9A

L($5X8VQU9&EN9R!5;G-E='1L960@



]













]







]

]


]



]



M:71I97
@?!&86ER(%9A;'5E+!);G!U='


]



M:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M













M;7`^

]
M


979E;`S/]T9#X-B`@(`@




]

]


]



]


M9VX]







]



T1T;W`^1&5F

L




]


]
M

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]













]
T1T97AT


T1T
M;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL($9A:7(@5F%L=64@;V8@4&QA;B!!





]



]

]
M

]
M

]















]


M86QI9VX]







]



]
M

]

]


]



]



]
T1N
M=6UP/C
T





M8W5R:71I97
@?!&86ER(%9A;'5E+!);G!U='
L($QE=F5L(#
\+W1D/@T*

]



M;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M











]




]

M=71S+!,979E;`Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\





]
T1T


M
T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL($9A:7(@5F%L=64@;V8@4&QA





]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]






]
T1N=6UP/C$Q


]
T1N=6UP/C(P-XR/'-P86X^/]S










M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!0;&%N+!&86ER(%9A;'5E(&]F



]









]


T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL($9A:7(@

L($5X8VQU9&EN9R!5;G-E='1L960@5')A












M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!0;&%N+!&86ER(%9A;'5E



]



M=71S+!,979E;`R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\





]
T1T


M
T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL($9A:7(@5F%L=64@;V8@4&QA





]

@?!&86ER(%9A;'5E+!);G!U='
L($QE
M=F5L(#

]




M9SY$969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M
:6YE($ET96US








]

]


]



]


M9VX]








M1&YU;7`^

]
M



M1G5N9'
@?!&86ER(%9A;'5E+!);G!U='


]



M:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M








979E;`S/]T




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]


]


]











]
M








]



T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!

L($5X8VQU
M9&EN9R!5;G-E='1L960@5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


]
M








M1&YU;7`^

]
M



@?!&
M86ER(%9A;'5E+!);G!U='
L($QE=F5L(#


]



M:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M









0T*0V]N







T0Q

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

C`Q



]










T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

#QS


]

M4V5T=&QE;65N='





M

]
T1N


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!0;&%N+!!8W1U86P@4F5T=7)N


]



]
T1R

M;65N='



M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E
M

BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M55)%345.5%



C@L(#(P
M
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
M
C`Q

]

]
T1R


]


T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M($1E


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPW


&8X9#A?96(V8E\T
M.6
T7SED
C1?93!A8C@X-SAA.#4Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T

2]7





]




M8RX@
C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q

]



CQS




]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XR



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R
M-%]E





M62!44D%.4T%#5$E/3E


T0Q
M/C
@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H

]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(X+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@

]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`N
M

]







]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]



M;7`^

M1&YU;7`^


















]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$N

]
M


]



]
T1N
M=6UP/C`N

]
M
T1N=6UP/C`N



]
T1R93X-


]


]




'0^/'-P86X^/]S<&%N



2XV/'-P86X^

M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3)D
&8X9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED
C1?93!A

O4VAE970Q




^+RH@1&\@


$5#




M4R!.87)R871I=F4@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G
L

]


]
T1T:#Y$96





M965D:6YG(%-O=W


T1T;W`^36%R:V5T($AO9W

T1T;W`^26YT97)N871I;VYA

]
M







T1T;W`^4')O9'5C
M=&EO;B!O9B!
:79E($AO9R!297%U:7)E;65N='


]



]



M1&YU;7`^
BPX-#0L
S`P+#`P



]

]

]
T1N=6UP









]
T1T


M

]
T1N
M=6UP/C4S
RPW
#`L

M/5].97AT4&%R=%\U
F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E
&%B.#@W.&$X






]


T0Q/C

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D

M;VYT:'


CXQ
B!-;VYT:'


C`Q
M

M

C8L
M(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R
M.2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L


]

]


]


]


]










]



T1T;W`^2&]G(%!R;V1U8W1I;VX@

]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C8N




]








M








RXP
M




]

]


]

#`E/'-P

3`N
M

M;7`^
RXP

]












]


]



]






M9W


M+#(W

]

M871S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\







M.#DL
S`P+#`P


]

M86QI9VX]


]


]


]

]
T1P





]
T1R:#X-








]




]


]





M1&YU;7`^-#8N






]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C4S


]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YT97)N871I;VYA;!396=M96YT('P@4')E













0T*0V]N



M/3-$240P14TR


M;CTS1#D^
R!-;VYT:'



T0Q/C@@36]N


C@L(#(P


]

S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q


#$S/&)R/CPO

CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

M


]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#



]


]










S$N



]

]
M


]

3$Q+C




]
T1N=6UP/C4X+C@\


M








]




]


]


]


]


3


#$N-#QS

]
T1N=6UP/C(W




]


]


]







M4F5P;W)T:6YG($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M


















\

]
M

]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/C














]


]



]
T1N=6UP
M/C$T





]


]







]




















:6YE($ET

















C4N
M

]


T1T;W`^2&]G(%!R;V1U8W1I;VX@



















]
T1N=6UP/C(L
M






BPQ


]


]











]

M;F1I='5R97

]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
W+C0\




M

M;7`^
3





]








]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@

















M;VYG/E-E9VUE;G0@4F5P;W)T:6YG($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M
:6YE($ET96US




2PW
30N


]


]





















]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N




]


T1T;W`^26YV97-T;65N='


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C0W


























]
T1N=6UP/C(L




M;7`^
BPS



]
T1N=6UP/C(L















M;7`^
S$N

]
M

]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C`N


]


]
T1N=6UP/C`N


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C`N



]


]




]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^4V%L97
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


]


]


]


]

RPR
C$N



]
T1T

]


]


]


]


]


]

C



]


]












]




M='D@;65T:&]D(&EN=F5S=&UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

















]


]


]


]


]



































]



]
T1N=6UP/C(Y

















]


]



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]













]


]















]


]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C$V
2XV/'-P86X^

C(R/'-P





]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]





]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


]














]


]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

\

]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#$N



M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@P+C8I/'-P86X^

2XT*3QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]










M;7`^







]

]
M














































]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C@S







]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]


]


]


]


]

]



T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I;&P\+W1D/@T*

]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C0R


]


]


]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]


]


]


]


]


]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]


]













3




BXX/'-P




]
T1T

]
T1T

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
M

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C0N
CQS

]
T1T97AT


T1T














]















M




]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M
T1T;W`^4V%L97

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C
L






S$N


]


]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]













]


]



M971H;V0@:6YV97-T;65N='

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N

]
M

]
M



]


]


]
T1N=6UP/CDS

]







]





]







M
2PV

]
M

]
M

]



]


]


]



]


]



M4&]R:R!396=M96YT(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S








































]


]


]


]






M1&YU;7`^

]
M

]
M


]


]


]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS



]


]


]









C4N







]


]




M('P@4&%C:V%G960@365A='
@4V5G;65N=!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@


















M:6YG($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M
























C(\

















M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@P+C








]


]






]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C`N


]


]







]

]


]


]







]


]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-3$X+C





]
M

]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/C$L-3$X+C


M=&EO;B!396=M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\








































]


]


]


]






N
M

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT




]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS



]


]







]












]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


]


]


]


]


]







]

]


]


]














]
M

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


]


]


]


]

]
M






]


]


]









]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^1&5P


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(N


]


]









]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#0X+C
I/'-P86X^












M

]
T1T

]
T1T


]


]

M86QI9VX]


















]



















]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L-#





]



]


]


]


]








































]


]


]


]


]






























]
T1N=6UP/C4L


@





























]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^4V5G










2PT
M
SDN

]
T1T



































]




]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^4V5G;65N






]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$W+#DY










]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]





]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]











M+#0P

]
T1T

]
T1T


M






M1&YU;7`^



]


]












































]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L.38X







]
M

]
M


M9VX]






















]


]


]

















M;VYG/E-E9VUE;G0@4F5P;W)T:6YG($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M
:6YE($ET96US


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N









]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M










M1&YU;3XH
2PQ-C8N





]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#







M96=M96YT(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X



































]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M







]































M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#$U

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6T^
M*#(L

































M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-2XY*3QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


]

@

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]






]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



























M97

]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#`N





M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@P+C(I/'-P















M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W

]


]


]



]


















:6YE



]


]


]



]
M

T1)1#!%


]
M

]

T0Q/CPO=&@^



C8L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^4V5P+B`R-RP@
C`Q



]








Q+C4\











M;7`^
C4N

]
M

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^26YT97)N871I;VYA;!396=M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@








]











]
T1R











]
T1R





]


]



T1T;W`^/'-T


]


]


]


]

]



]
T1T

]
T1T

]

]








:6YE($ET


S(N
M

]
T1T97AT


]







]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

M:&%S92!!8V-O=6YT:6YG($%D:G5S=&UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


















]


]


M;3XH
3`N







]
M

]


]


]



]


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP


M=&]P/D=O;V1W:6QL+!0=7)C:&%S92!!8V-O=6YT:6YG($%D:G5S=&UE;G1S
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@P+C$I/'-P86X^/]S






]






M/3-$=&]P/D=O;V1W:6QL/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M


]

]
M

]
T1N=6T^












]




T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I


]






BXQ/'-P














T1T


]




]










]



M=VEL;P@5')A;G-L871I;VX@061J=7-T;65N=',\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]

]


]



]

M=&EO;B!396=M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\












]

]


]

MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U
F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B7S0Y
M8S1?.60R-%]E






]





T0Q/C

@16YD960\

3XX($UO


]
T1T:#Y$96

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
P

M
CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P
M+B`R.2P@
C`Q





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`R.2P@
C`Q



]

@6TQI;F4@


]





S$N


]
M


















]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V%L97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#`S

RPX.30N


]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3&]N9RUL:79E9!A


]
T1T

]
T1T


]








]


]


]


]


]


]


]





















M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$









RPT
3@N


]
T1N=6UP/C




]


]
T1N=6UP/C4L-#`R





]


]

]
M




]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1P

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M





]


]



]

\+W1D/@T*





]


]


]
T1N
M=6UP/C$L


















































]
T1N=6UP/C@L.#DX


RPR
C$N



]


]


]


]


]


]


]





















M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X

















2PV-C



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4')E9&5C97-S;W(@?!);G1E
































]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PT



&8X
M9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED
C1?93!A8C@X-SAA.#4Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4R9#!F.&0X7V5B-F)?-#EC-%\Y9#(T7V4P86(X





]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO


M871I;VX@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G
L('5N;&5S

]

]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]



]
T1T


CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@





]

]


]


]


]

















]




]


]

]

M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-3)D
&8X9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED
C1?

O4VAE970Q
3$N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M




62!215-5
M3%13($]&($]015)!5$E/3E




]
T1T:#Y$96

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

CDL
M(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`R
M.2P@
C`Q



#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RPT
C(N


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
RPS



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RPS



]
T1N=6UP







]



M

]
T1N=6UP/C(V



]





]

I($%T=')I8G5T86)L92!T





]
T1R



]

T0Q/C4@36]N

M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

CDL(#(P
3
\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q
M

M

C8L
M(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R


T1T;W`^









RXY/'-P


]








C


]

]




]


]

]



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
F0P9CAD.%]E
M8C9B7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E

M


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M5D%




T0Q/C4@36]N=&AS($5N

M
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@



CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@

]

CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`R.2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R






:6YE


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RXR/'-P86X^

]
M

]
M

]



]


]


]


T1T;W`^5F%L=6%T:6]N($%L;&]W86YC97
@86YD










]

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]

]


]


]


]



]







3$N


]


]


]


]



2XT







L($1E9'5C=&EO
M;G


]


]


]


]


















M


]


]

]
T1P



]
T1N=6UP/C
N


]


]


T1T;W`^5F%L=6%T:6]N($%L;&]W86YC
M97




]


]



T1T;W`^5F%L=6%T
M:6]N($%L;&]W86YC97


]












]




M

]
T1N

M1&YU;7`^


]


]

]

]


T1T;W`^5F%L=6%T:6]N($%L;&]W86YC
M97






]
T1R




]
T1N=6T^*#



:6YE($ET96US


]






]
T1N=6UP/C$U+C4\






M4F5S97)V97
L($-H87)G960@=&\@3W1H97(@06-C;W5N='


]

]
T1N=6T^*#`N


L($1E9'5C=&EO;G


]



]


]

]


]


]


]


]

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]

]
T1N=6UP




T1T;W`^5F%L=6%T:6]N($%L;&]W86YC97


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$N

]


]


]




M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@P+C0I/'-P86X^


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]




M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$W+CDI


]
M

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

&8X9#A?96(V8E\T.6
T7SED
C1?93!A8C@X-SAA.#4Q#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4R9#!F.&0X7V5B-F)?-#EC-%\Y



T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS




]

T0Q/C$R($UO

#$U/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@

MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`R.P@
C`Q


]



]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^17AT:6YG=6ES:&UE;G0@;V8@1&5B=P@4F5A


]


]















]
M


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
F0P9CAD.%]E8C9B
M7S0Y8S1?.60R-%]E

M;VTZ;V9F:6-E.F]F9FEC92(^#0H@/&\Z36%I;D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1(N+B]7
M;W)K8F]O:RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#$N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`U+FAT

M1)3:&5E=#`X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P.2YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970Q,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3,N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$W
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#(P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R
M,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C(N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970R-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M,C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(V+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#(Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970S,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S0N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T

X+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#0Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
BYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970T-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#8N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4P+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#4S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U-YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970U-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3@N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T-C$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8R
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@

M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970V.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T


T0B4VAE970W-2YH=&UL(B\^

T0B4VAE970X-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#@V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970X-RYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970Y,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.3$N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DR+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Y,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T.30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DU+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Y-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z

M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
3`S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,#0N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3`V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970Q

M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
3$R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,3,N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q-YH=&UL(B\^#0H\+WAM;#X-

`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
3
3
3
4
15
1
3
3
3
3
13
1
205.0




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including revenues
 gross profit
 income (loss) before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
For comparative purposes
December&#160;29
 and December 30
September 27 - December 29
April 29 - September 26
December 30
3
5
8
3
5
7
Selling
 general and administrative expenses


Schedule of Inventory
 Current [Table Text Block]
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
1
2
2
274.7


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Table Text Block]
Property
 plant and equipment
 net
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
1
3
2
Property
 plant and equipment
2
2
745.9


        
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
Patents
Amortized intangible assets
1
1
Intangible assets
1
1
405.8




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Derivatives
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
Our meat processing and hog production operations use various raw materials
 primarily live hogs
 corn
 soybean meal and wheat
 which are actively traded on commodity exchanges. We hedge these commodities when we determine conditions are appropriate to mitigate price risk. While this hedging may limit our ability to participate in gains from favorable commodity fluctuations
We record all derivatives in the balance sheet as either assets or liabilities at fair value. Accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative depends on whether it qualifies and has been designated as part of a hedging relationship. For derivatives that qualify and have been designated as hedges for accounting purposes
 changes in fair value have no net impact on earnings
 to the extent the derivative is considered perfectly effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows attributable to the risk being hedged
 until the hedged item is recognized in earnings (commonly referred to as the &#8220;hedge accounting&#8221; method). For derivatives that do not qualify or are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes
 changes in fair value are recorded in current period earnings (commonly referred to as the &#8220;mark-to-market&#8221; method). We may elect either method of accounting for our derivative portfolio
 assuming all the necessary requirements are met. We have in the past availed ourselves of either acceptable method and expect to do so in the future. We believe all of our derivative instruments represent economic hedges against changes in prices and rates
 regardless of their designation for accounting purposes.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS Schedule of Fair Value
 Pension Plan Assets (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified















Limited Partnerships | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Insurance Contracts | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
1
116.0
        
1
206.6


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


        
1
122.8
        
1
214.7


Successor | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Cash and Cash Equivalents | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Cash and Cash Equivalents | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Cash and Cash Equivalents | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Equity Securities
 Health Care
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Equity Securities
 Health Care | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Equity Securities
 Health Care | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Equity Securities
 Health Care | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Equity Securities
 Financial
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Equity Securities
 Financial | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Equity Securities
 Financial | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Equity Securities
 Financial | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Equity Securities
 Consumer Staples
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Equity Securities
 Consumer Staples | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Equity Securities
 Consumer Staples | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Equity Securities
 Consumer Staples | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Equity Securities
 Energy
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Equity Securities
 Energy | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Equity Securities
 Energy | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Equity Securities
 Energy | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Equity Securities
 Information Technology
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Equity Securities
 Information Technology | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Equity Securities
 Information Technology | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Equity Securities
 Information Technology | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Equity Securities
 Industrials
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Equity Securities
 Industrials | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Equity Securities
 Industrials | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Equity Securities
 Industrials | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Equity Securities
 Telecommunication Service
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Equity Securities
 Telecommunication Service | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Equity Securities
 Telecommunication Service | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Equity Securities
 Telecommunication Service | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Equity Securities
 International
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Equity Securities
 International | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Equity Securities
 International | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Equity Securities
 International | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Mutual Funds
 International
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Mutual Funds
 International | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Mutual Funds
 International | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Mutual Funds
 International | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Mutual Funds
 Domestic Small Cap
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Mutual Funds
 Domestic Small Cap | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Mutual Funds
 Domestic Small Cap | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Mutual Funds
 Domestic Small Cap | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Fixed Income Funds | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Fixed Income Funds | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Fixed Income Funds | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Asset-backed Securities | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Asset-backed Securities | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Asset-backed Securities | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Emerging Markets Securities | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Emerging Markets Securities | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Emerging Markets Securities | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Corporate Debt Securities | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Corporate Debt Securities | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Corporate Debt Securities | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | US Treasury and Government | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | US Treasury and Government | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | US Treasury and Government | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Limited Partnerships | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Limited Partnerships | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Limited Partnerships | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Diversified Investment Funds | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Diversified Investment Funds | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Diversified Investment Funds | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Insurance Contracts | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 1
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Insurance Contracts | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Successor | Insurance Contracts | Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 3
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding the impact of unsettled transactions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
 those non-benefit obligations may be considered as reductions of plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        

      


























        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 Hedge accounting
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Scenario
 Forecast | Commodity Contract [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Cash Flow Hedge Gain (Loss) to be Reclassified within Twelve Months
 Net of Tax
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 Hedge accounting
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 Hedge accounting
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Net of Tax
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax
 in accumulated gains and losses from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges. Includes an entity's share of an equity investee's Increase or Decrease in deferred hedging gains or losses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Twelve months ended December 28
Three months ended December 29
Five months ended September 26
Twelve months ended April 28
Twelve months ended April 29
Twelve months ended December 28
Three months ended December 29
Five months ended September 26
Twelve months ended April 28
Twelve months ended April 29
Twelve months ended December 28
Three months ended December 29
Five months ended September 26
Twelve months ended April 28
Twelve months ended April 29
 2012




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      







          

        


        
        


        
        


Business Acquisition
 Pro Forma Information [Table Text Block]
The following unaudited pro forma financial data summarizes the Company's results of operations as if the Merger had occurred as of April&#160;30
 2012. The pro forma data is for informational purposes only and may not necessarily reflect the actual results of operations had the Merger been consummated on April&#160;30
December 29
April 28
9
13
The most significant pro forma adjustments were to reflect the impact of fair value step-ups of both assets and liabilities (e.g.
 inventory
 property
 plant and equipment
 long-term debt) and fees and expenses related to the Merger noted above.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Schedule of Derivative Instruments in Statement of Financial Position
 Fair Value [Table Text Block]
All derivative contracts are recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets or accrued expenses and other current liabilities within the consolidated balance sheets
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 


        
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013


        
        


        
        


        
        
42
575
99
580
346
827
103
280
1
847
680
20
886
10
966
34
363
900


Schedule of Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) in Statement of Financial Performance [Table Text Block]
December 28
September 27 - December 29
December 28
September 27 - December 29
December 28
September 27 - December 29
April 29 - September 26
April 28
April 29
April 29 - September 26
April 28
April 29
April 29 - September 26
April 28
April 29
For the periods presented
 foreign exchange contracts were determined to be highly effective. We have excluded from the assessment of effectiveness differences between spot and forward rates
 which we have determined to be immaterial. 


        
        


        
        


        
        
450
9
195
000


Schedule of Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) in Statement of Financial Performance [Table Text Block]
December 28
September 27 - December 29
April 29 - September 26
April 28
April 29
twelve months ended April 28
twelve months ended April 29
 2012
 representing differences between the spot and futures prices for fair value hedges of hog inventory
three months ended December 29
five months ended September 26
 and
 therefore
December 28
September 27 - December 29
April 29 - September 26
April 28
April 29
five months ended September 26
 2013
twelve months ended April 28
twelve months ended April 29
 2012
 respectively
 on closed commodity derivative contracts as the underlying cash transactions affected earnings. 


        
        


        
        


        
        
600
414
600
490
24
640
18
75
3
545
85
8
030
11
040
6
888
80
966
6
272
85
251
053


Schedule of Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) in Statement of Financial Performance [Table Text Block]
December 28
September 27 - December 29
April 29 - September 26
April 28
April 29
The table above reflects gains and losses from both open and closed contracts including
 among other things
 gains and losses related to contracts designed to hedge price movements that occur entirely within the period presented. The table includes amounts for both realized and unrealized gains and losses. The table is not
 therefore
 a simple representation of unrealized gains and losses recognized in the income statement during any period presented.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the amount of gain (loss) on derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated and qualified as hedging instruments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as for individual instruments
 or small groups of similar instruments. May include a combination of the type of instrument
 risks being hedged
 notional amount
 hedge designation
 related hedged item
 inception date
 maturity date
 or other relevant item.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Smithfield Foods
 Inc.

 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ScheduleOfIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestmentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=sfd_CampofrioFoodGroupMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ScheduleOfSummarizedFinancialInformationForEquityMethodInvestmentTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountToBeAmortizedFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanMinimumFundedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanAverageRateOfReturnOnPlanAssetsOverFiveYearPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanAverageRateOfReturnOnPlanAssetsOverFiveYearPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ExtinguishmentOfDebtReacquisitionPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtAxis=us-gaap_SecuredDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyBalancesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionOfLessThan100PercentNoncontrollingInterestFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sfd_KansasCitySausageMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_BusinessAcquisitonAdvanceToSeller'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_BusinessAcqusitionRevolvingLoanWithAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionRevenueReportedByAcquiredEntityForLastAnnualPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionOfLessThan100PercentNoncontrollingInterestFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestEquityFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCovenantDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ScenarioForecastMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_EstimatdAmortizationOfIntangibleAssetsNextFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasedAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesLesseeBalanceSheetAssetsByMajorClassAccumulatedDeprecation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityEquityAxis=us-gaap_CallOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityIndexedShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityStrikePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_PurchaseOfCallOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=sfd_SeniorUnsecuredConvertibleNotesFourPercentDueJune2013Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_NetSharesRetiredSettlementofConvertibleNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_Impactofinventoryfairvaluestepuponcostofsales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingCapitalNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_AcquisitionofCompanyStockforMerger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_NetCashProvidedByUsedInBreedingStockTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ProceedsfromSecuriticationFacility'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_PaymentsonSecuritizationFacility'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfRevolvingCreditFacilitiesAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_IncreaseDecreaseInCashCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromPaymentsForOtherFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_Impactofinventoryfairvaluestepuponcostofsales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingCapitalNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_AcquisitionofCompanyStockforMerger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_NetCashProvidedByUsedInBreedingStockTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ProceedsfromSecuriticationFacility'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_PaymentsonSecuritizationFacility'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfRevolvingCreditFacilitiesAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_IncreaseDecreaseInCashCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromPaymentsForOtherFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_Impactofinventoryfairvaluestepuponcostofsales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sfd_CornInBushelsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sfd_CornInBushelsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sfd_CornInBushelsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sfd_LeanHogsInPoundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesMass'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesMass'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sfd_LeanHogsInPoundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesMass'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesMass'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesMonetary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesMonetary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sfd_SoybeanMealInTonsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesMass'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesMass'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sfd_SoybeanMealInTonsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesMass'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesMass'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sfd_SoybeansInBushelsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sfd_WheatInBushelsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sfd_NaturalGasInMillionBtuMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sfd_DieselInGallonsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sfd_LiveCattleInPoundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesMass'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sfd_PropaneinGallonsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesMass'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_ForeignExchangeContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesMonetary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesMonetary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_ForeignExchangeContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesMonetary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesMonetary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_CommodityContractsAssetFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyContractAssetFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_BondSecuritiesAssetFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashSurrenderValueFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_CommodityContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_InterestRateContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_CommodityContractsAssetFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyContractAssetFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_BondSecuritiesAssetFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashSurrenderValueFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_CommodityContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_InterestRateContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_CommodityContractsAssetFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyContractAssetFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_BondSecuritiesAssetFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashSurrenderValueFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_CommodityContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_InterestRateContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_CommodityContractsAssetFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyContractAssetFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_BondSecuritiesAssetFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashSurrenderValueFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_CommodityContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_InterestRateContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_LeaseObligationsCommitmentsAndGuaranteeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ScheduleOfFutureHogProcurementAndContractHogGrowersObligationsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=sfd_CampofrioFoodGroupMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentAdditionalInformation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=sfd_MexicanJointVenturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentAdditionalInformation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=sfd_OtherEquityMethodInvestmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentAdditionalInformation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsByGeographicalAreasTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ScheduleOfClassificationOfDeferredTaxesOnBalanceSheetTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLossArisingDuringPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLossArisingDuringPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_InterestExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscountPremiumNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscountPremiumNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_FreshPorkSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_InternationalSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_HogProductionSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_PackagedMeatsSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillOtherChanges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillTranslationAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillTranslationAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillTranslationAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_PurchaseOfStockForTrust'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_PurchaseOfStockForTrust'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_PurchaseOfStockForTrust'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_AdjustmenttoRedeemableNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_AdjustmenttoRedeemableNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLossArisingDuringPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLossArisingDuringPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'

 as required under the IRC
 must be adopted by plans in the red zone. Plan participants may be responsible for the payment of surcharges
 in addition to the contribution rate specified in the applicable collective bargaining agreement
 for a plan in &#8220;critical status
&#8212;Plan has been determined to be neither in &#8220;critical status&#8221; nor in &#8220;endangered status
December 28
April 29 - December 29
April&#160;28
April 29
We have multiple collective bargaining agreements associated with the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union Industry Pension Fund. These agreements are currently scheduled to expire in October 2015
 May 2016
 January 2018 and December 2018.
 
 
 
 and 
three months ended December 29
 2013
five months ended September 26
 2013
twelve months ended April 28
twelve months ended April 29
 
We also provide health care and life insurance benefits for certain retired employees. These plans are unfunded and generally pay covered costs reduced by retiree premium contributions
 co-payments and deductibles. We retain the right to modify or eliminate these benefits. We consider disclosures related to these plans immaterial to the consolidated financial statements and related notes.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 amounts due from related parties including affiliates
 employees
 joint ventures
 officers and stockholders
 immediate families thereof
 and pension funds.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth
 at the financial statement date. which are usually due within one year (or one business cycle).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(3)
 -Subparagraph 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        

      


 2013

          



 2014



          



 2013



          



 2013



          



 2012



          



 2013





          



 2013





          



 2012





          



 2014



          



 2014



          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-Based Compensation
 Cash Paid
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Grants in Period
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 usually issued together with corporate debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          












          

        
        


        
        
        


Common stock
 shares issued (in shares)
1
000
1
000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Billions
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

  2014
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        
1
000
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0000091388-15-000015-xbrl.zip

30Q
C(X+GAM

9VWRLCJVGYJ8TJ($Y*9#1)167,KS^`;B&)DD(77@#
M9VVKJD
WPOUS]\\=#L=__)\?T\E/3ZPHTSS[SS?H;\:;GU@VRL=I=O^?;_ZX


*_LWS[=OE5C[^8R&26
MX]H)_O;-)
FW;YYGC$;?QJ

?HX?]





W]]]5;QPGC'
-8Z6+RX]=9J


M2Z?5\_POJS^E8_%'#O'BI_F3L&W\+Z%);_[^YE=#_)^'B.O^Q\^['U[\RL^U


M=Z_^]O*3J[\L)?2ZS/ZUM*Q_!;
RS5A9^J-_S](RK7A0]'^DY;^X=O[UY[O?


M9OEB]=;OYNU#4K#RTZP2WRAHGPKBL-X:YVVFA3'/G=P6W&,;#?CEB6\.^;
M.X/UJ[/1B)M57JCG$O8N[











!R\K+4'A

MX$PO@W!;NWCG=[T`A@'#EV*XE5$@Y[MAX`-Z\X$6G.F%?``*6U#84B7N`U8!

_3/+NM\M'WLU`ZC#E?QW%:DTU'

M4&)%


M5B;KNXAGP(XX[(A+P2(NJUM`11HJT@.K50#G`
[10Z5B










'D4@3/TLE2(:O_O.$1
M

5$-

Y'U_+/\9YP4;)

M).7+9);/7&`\&GQ)[Q^J4H0)EI3L(1?#2!:'Y;0)JF=(;C&WY531#=QO=1%C





MZX=X

D'ZKV+!\@=26D




BG6:,)CN4P`X`B1+X<_,<
M?RY:#,LJ'WT'G]YH*GM`K.#7!VU-4<:*^V<PI29-::],P8Y4LZ/.L@S(IJ7/
M.B7[R(+:9W[@:4IP07!VGKGAN?MI0-/E'I_'3BCM/9UPCXCQ#1U]B(ALDF?

M_M2@K:SWN@+T)@TVAD&&IES

PO!!SQ^/TC=







K:#Y]+-B#


MMP59(3@M?;L1SMW^ZY-BG;(!%M_0*/.VOR#;3^9LSHH1`W,)4$AHB23MD=



7_AYT$R
M2;(1NWU@[$`7XEQKLZ(0998T^99.TBJM-48WN


MYJCD!


MZ%R7U='0OX&Q%FD
5.+HW;LI7)0P#/


M5#S4J7A`+P74031-+*`ZHGA_*11(H.$47!DDA?W52
`#@=F#V:MB]I*D7&UN
M

M%7`JM5P73)/5PSUIGNK!`7Y*D]P8DKCIAF@2XHD=IKWTC+CZ`#&-B3QDD=

MCF
0/&:/^&1Q!?O%KU=!]II^G/(F^YS/LG'#5O$QS\:LY(&$KVT\1)/8+SY9
MK&*/^
$D7C6)V_SY&U=KV5*D&+Q-')`?&

M[@
!+-0V2SE)6
T^/?DLD$
HQS;6*O]

C69

`&!+JGHG




/-^VS`-F!;(K_=*+;G5TKM
M_RQ@_&2
ORY%P+K






N_)=GW
MKZR8OL^3;#@`V+\RO;I7]@'A`-D5]=LRHOG+^PIGSRI&&,.D=T#2],+L=:
M7B&

MN^/M#FR_25M


M-N893IB6HWRFY


MN`7G154J:=5Z60_ZB\
YRO#GUQYV(Q=F;LV5T@=TK?2I6/R'D
*LG`^1?ZG0





O^



M.S%$MJHF;+S9::[/`9ZS07V9*#O_*#Z`Z]_?:)EM5\3@;(WH_L[6


MM&+C.


M.`K@H$@62&U

MYDW`E7JXZKTU\[S("2#T1*1CG*QCT35%^NJN3B$]WG_BC\+]D]U%VSZDU




MYZ#.@/'EY5.V[NAXGX_F!=0M=D#SLOIT=YM



2]



ML6.T[4NZU.T`3
J\?4@*]H4]SHK10U*RST5^7R33%Q:X]^6UH=U.T^J!RV
R

M

M);!5#+;:IZVV
`7S6%P%PP(4JQ]Q`
6`8O5]



MDHT8Y;]3)*.J/7

MO@(V`C;2LXVT6Z58`!X!X`'P4@)^ZRQ!*R5T2!T@=9`'[\V7H??


MD_+!S\;B7V+:X5

=;[5G0
IQ5_X2:[RXOI


M.$K`T$XTM!V)#1S#LE8Q_KC]6LP/5CYS7_=;_L2*3*P5(EW]/&H&B#BZ&ZM
M(N)\F%6S9#(O18?YE)55.KJ=)I,)31[!M`[$G%=E!CCN/0]ZQY))]43@D'0







@P(.XZ5T/#BR;M5XZ
M/P
K

MJDT]U(:X`B/L&[G7UACAGG0)*HR*3''1PU)ES-TZZ58#&U6Z6PVL4XN].LC7

='^/=ZN''2&
GMXN
M+O6)1SWBJ6S9*72NJV&\T+DNEQW+%GE/S%O!P+I+
B5%KJR=`1UUV


MAC=9.2N2;
5L

._Y=P
MKT_)A*\

.+NLX!U+)M4#30KH$CJ52.V*;.`HELT7SU$\

MN)6MPGA6-@?'7@:0(
$%A6Y\-[)
6Q;//G5I_I[-XK2.)Z/TX`69RJ
MUGK6SB





MFC#4U90O
T-U3=4XVN.4)S#:@4UYTL.)8^T[9_S`+L=Q#D//:P5JE0SNI0


MW
T(#

MK-$CNU.!






M.(QA;G8E]


#N`B+5P
[RUV

M0UKI:`^YIM5.


#W/[VQ`$1$&(@MH8X?D;
MHJ+ET.ZM[M+S?L




0VL

TA\'%YHNQCI^(*RM21^8_E]






EO9

ZRO^MC3(A*`.0;UCK)X7U*\N80T=H+T7L2#

?\S@VX2JX32:LA]FD2H-[GUP7
MF-XOV


M:XK[Q0JFJ(DI[AO3`R8()JB/4HQ8NAP#\-!8_Q4/;!B^2JDB4W9XAZIZF2(
MFG=;%/$R@3#@9H@A

^K1]-:RW!C[9O&VU3;&24\MF$(8A#`X*`.4H%1Z

M=04RJ0GETG!L$*!VB%$I1)S[%J));@CV)P4MA3P1\L0!&J0$M/2L;0NH


MK`Z?@%

M@O8%[5PZV




9B3
M]*G!#JJ!/`%Y4A3)%^]_-46EUF,]M//UJMH_1K2P$0E3-.AM`JEU0%D!6U4

H0DH&ZIH`;A1FIS


M^PF?8)DJA$^M[5.2\-GUH7ZP3(B98)




FAU+T7<VO(Z3`TE@

MDTG^5Y+Q-_G9^`LK6?'$RJ_/CVSK:];OBO
BS&??JKO9Q!^-\EE6E716%&H7

D__(8)XN^78M(




MJQX.)$EPVR7Z_15OP)]K[

MGM8`5&;X'02`;$!V)^?Y^J$Q.A;DI2$Q

M8TTZ):&TL)#XV=O23\7A)7+]MI#T&`$-3L(3+TGNPNX@)JDOGTM2
%G93:

/J@61*^+0N6VVITZ:&/5\?L41K?+$G^V.[N

(3'LR(-WWKFBH_^6A(W(Y[U;Z%KI*5'4$=;2.&SY@-U0\CC+T@6J

^]-OL@F^\3R9[OU)<GLU?N^`;JR./^/6[RN$`SJB]D?^GQ=\;9G_
MM1]

MAW^QREYGS-)??!YVQB+TQ)/D_J=E-/C[K;VZM\LN'LRJM[:-@W.'`\C./8



M%H


M^[$3.Q9QR/(IN()L.WPSI[S[GF/]*[6G6#SAZ5I!01#9#HZQ@_S0L-W0KRE
M5B*7!,&;+=I]\)=JSR%(URDBH)$9(D+B.$)A%#EQY*]^/O1H0ADO/W[]@^+



M]KZPQ[P0%Y


[%''
?D
MV)\_EQW[IF5N*''.W[?4M_&K.\_SA=VG)0=E5GU
%]7N1^\2P;
M?[J[X5]89//?29_9/Q?G^X^/0J=<BA%V7V:
5:(5/!SPM$U2A\7+RQ_8E41

M^9CK5/@S'H)X-/PS+[YS==;1P+WTC

R-3%8

M&(2^]%#);%2=/Y8OA'/IEE55(L_
E)G(!P6_2X
]*4@1PLV
M3BO^3.F$_\P:_
+L=


PB\:X'%M8^YP'_\?






M3:
?;#BL8<?`*#!\C\=0CUNR

M'//


91%W7
M3]4#*\3;O8@,J(GQCD0IT+M6*SIFP$/:1:GH%CD53R4
!SRRB
0YYO'G)]

M18E)2#U3(#
R#



2QW:P?*A@3W5.W^5_EOOZ&@[N@P:SD

M%!+CO)B_O^#I\[PI8$]!%_N+KHWL]GN:K46SY^?60MG\@.C]^*W(9X_O)Z
3


*Y
MSZ9LS&WW?9[=?V7%=-DDMGK/\UY??CA'B8GM.H;K8\OU;!JZ@46(&Q(OYAX9

]^2]+L?5Z67_.`\9^9)&4I

MTO+[%O69]VV/YP5KT0$[.K.TO_PCCTULE)1[V





M^\?T!J



XE5K7%B!#

9Y+*#(((9X5.=:23M'`JY]\0*^$_V.REU5EBL46%&)L^@8W*8=S
)4820;<3+G
6Q;.2?'F3Z
MU)6

M$4?OM;T`@^3B!JA18A/0NH'_JH'(R)UCBEKF04K!5PZ6%BSP]'1WZ`S'`U
MCR6V/50_)^`T8`LA^U:];




]$_+KA754TXD@O1


BP
O(H9CVSYU




V_)XOK?4KV]C9!T:9P2*

M^CE(T*H*4=''KHMMQR





M


BRW7BYK1*XCF'&AVX5`N4V/^`)BR&S

MX%.+(@BQW2NZI9)OY)H!BD+#
[!)J6M$\=*PK=B++6V/:EZJZ(;:O:@O)MV'
M/@GL((IYBFJNVA0LUW=K?;B:N]NO;


M

MB4&O1_7:T/969




M0YAC`U/OR-Q^4*WDU

M@6.$V*:N1PT_\HW8
#;Q7.Y$3<=9713AQD;LUVHT&EH93<H'T9;/_R4:Y^2B;AG6Y7X
M:%L\;XR(N![5#QWN/7VZO

(B

XY)K$9A1@PUIN3_FF@ZV:O2(7S%61D.CYAF-2S/D.

UPG
Y5W%)K#K9
VS7CV#`\





MZJ&QR]F

M1+--V1F)L8?L``?$IK%CV5&XLK/0-&K'?C2SLVC*BGO^4Q^2XCO_:?7:2:PX
M


M&]&`9Q4T6KI/!XF;#76WLIWAQE'&E:/

\Q





M9E6)D(C0



MR

MP]5N6L3#KM)W92JJZ):V33F#\KPP\KW`Q]@)71RMV#




H8B
OLHBQ'G*!(P);YN?IN:'[BZGMAQ@AS\*&
M'Q+#CN/UP5MBU@]6Z^5J;SBWX5\^8ISE5$6B4(**L65%061&U`IBQ_%X`+56





MZ%6-`&EY+B*V$42A20T3(P?'JTFH$4)&S7TZEE8-2=VIMYWH&(:F9]E&A$W$
M(Z3CB=K1N@\PCL!LC^NUH0R2:X$K`/LQI8X?4#NTU]
QD&O6INYI9&.KS\Q?


/$JU$7#C&]N#Z37T


MVECKBL]IJFWJ3DS3

MG-])$CFK8QC8M^O'X4R+*'W24=K@$WM^X!LDL'WBFG;

MI?2.O+0AP@^PRV


;.Y3C-EKG


)CJSA(ZO\:5Y4
MZ?_
SR]L/7O('QW_;O[S:WBB
C\7C*_RI(9W[/FF%P:1X1M62$G@FLNR/;9$

I'C9_UVEG'%@LE\P6M8-MTO;#N!9;@V
@
+1SPKP?:RD1%'V$6G;T$U
MNN#&U6MQPA2'Q*`X



MC@`1MP;/#SU


P1$'@&2A$





_R
-$?^4$SKG3+]^W9T




^DN0#`_00K4L\
M









KEW9:T



*Q8(U3RUH\D]7K$^PNO!@_(017!:._08
MT$^HX44.;C9;6-.&_'==0]7S&KDDTIHKJB!(B-Z/0G7#$7G669_?T+5NR-








M7O\&$/?8BIH1Y)%-/9

M:')T*Q#:B#LU*C3NRIEVE)
1K25EY@XGLUNB^HO?/H!=*HOJ\F'3HMM\7X

Q#OTB*R^I
M#@9(Q`V9/
^#*S2GHT
M_+`%)@
)O=R=851

M2CQCT)\BWF\9S_VB:QPLGO

MK!CO!7-6&?2I'6E


M8;DOCI_S(+/I+1[$[Z-A
70/?TWS@'-7%45NJU]'/W?.G.JP^P172FL)*C'/
M*`




N]M@C/YVAD0?IU4
OMC\@E?-J?:+&
MI
BG\IEP!TU@)`C4

MFHL[4))1
,Y;]7J=+^\W6E\W

MMMA4&19:U(#+7Q2WCJM




M$38/I$.K1&RB!)5SD_!#66@7VU#^-K#JGN9I+G3N_0%4(?MQ05'5S.^*7L9V



M?=EQL_\'U$KZ%XCTB

J.4#$?

M\:
H#4<CA:1H?/!:)C[FM^/
M9H-Q1PA12CF2IN!UI-$E%<3JTB3FJY0^(K16Y]01*HQ'SX%&EA


M/D(4AN;F]%R!!MU
\)!*Z+#S$JMC:%X[\(X2=$FH4`Q96O!*$=4DCN5.XZTA
M'9TL^Y

Z;F*DTA]HW*XGYA5






M6]2OCSK]6


UE]9
MT:.G!DO\=W15(#+3T3!_\'-%-XR;&/86)!1)0:NF2_[_^Q=77<C-W+]+WEW
M3@%50`%YR#GXW)VL$SOQ9O?D4=9PQMK52!-2\GK^_19(-B4-6A(EL2G2(S_)
MHQ;9=0LHW`(*MXA#Z^LW;Z,]3##P*N_SB]^O[\]+&8Z@*&!$$Y-HHX^QC7
O\XN
MKF?KUT[R1\OYU_6M2


M*(

MIGH646`B,FWUO;K(V4H/(HR'$S0F.K*X*Y1SMDK%4TJPF8M92=URASP'*G


MMDM*34'B20)4
JR+]V$CQ`I:J7&2
GFZ\PS`CV7GQ&.
($
[29O;`Y6\![
MN([W7-Z=E!76&UKXNZ(G.@
$%XM2U5JCDZ0ZF^(GSGF4$BHZ&*2/@I0DR7!2
M*:0)N824DPDXT&[2X_M29M)X_22

M19X$\Q$1$)3%
#LK\:%U:_%8:=

+SL=`.XW
PH#)8JAM=ZD

^-99<<6_C1

MV!)GS[9JR4HREQAM]=GY=;B@6BV
;N6YPQG


LCZGG6-

MV=M]:/0^5KN]_


M7





MPO









MQV


`+%G3`?N=TOQ
;G*PT$X5&JK6G&JV



M?Y49^8M\]OKX_'\7LP_7Y]^??1B]B;
^L=L@

#




M2ZA
E-FZ4'%5?_4_L]/+CQ?+3_G+R?GUH\)7!]/1024GN'-M`F&LL0GMYP'[
M3*.]Z?:%X1$Y;'CJ]7I+@&_-;PV9XJ%59U4+1ACG:LO=&;'P^DU4408I%M


M_'48_4!R3A9J$/9N)6DJ64A'W%`MF5EOKGN*ZR9M3\(40@8&Y2(70G!-R6#M
MJJCZXHVWX'@X_5)JHE2\
L:TJ28N]'9H+2
_CO9+^;:=]E(B41V310[@V22'

M
$/0


MAA&IZB8_3L.-






9$D&[=ATN5K/4YZ'P3^:ZEV]G.?+ZY^O/ER?]_*'



Q^^/#U7;I]
=(2JE7!**8*I'6[1@Q#F8`//:W!
M+BH\:
9++)Z6IQH@IR7MI


M3`_5V:5$07P4
P6HP;);VH
*=4D=0]4*;:?V
:?+^?RY&..`=#1(%@;JC(2RS388:9
M

MQ+(*M2#


MVN*1.%6AW5229


CU70T5W;
+]QA\
M(Z*_-^W&?_CPE\NK6S=+%H/
[HAHN`Z?9O.STY.+G_Y^=K&Q]R%-X=M_T)II
M+Q6&OS\_[:&YW3U;1T4.:Y`4M
@:F)7UZ^


MJS^EG[:ZD\G%XN313J[^O+3R?5ON5AC!`E\0.3E`PCDD0V^S3D@2%JXC&


SE



M&QM45Y[/E:S+N
RAP_T4PEU/)@5L\OQAS)Q!




[-*-]F+ODR(
@QR$K]#$(
JQY'`8<EI=5A*$SZR;::?*
M7;*G2G-W+L7SD6=/LSJRYUPPK\CDY8D'CK$KVN4.ZGD1SV2']=^;K7

DO9$
M$@843[0A8%NDCNDVUM;Q!7X?O`9ZQ?=A.S29``







M#IXT

^5$^EO2


7]%#CX.K
$DN?[VJ[_[

M)GR^7!P=V8K)
15TF2-D/'







M#X^SD_J3W[J@K/RX5E065C!9++Y/9Y\/]



M40*TV*J







(C(K
MR3`

T]H66S*T2OOVX62DHGJ

M%*JIEOX86*XN_W^%7IA5T@V+'A+?A(WX+P'F4/G+CFT=:N&K8KZ7^IO;`K
M!%+2P6J1DXP8E?$



MI#J7)&IG](%+.







KH?#T9Y


M\O



MI5:R2A
^#EWO*Q:-USIY4*7TR12BX

T(XG)H5L<PCS(;9S`B+*YJEC2]`:<6H!UL(





M=[K.&YL#]LT1^


M_






'R=
M+BD1@`A&$.D`@9

-&&!.^\@.J]33%8I
MNUU]%254INXUJU80G@5I\:NI-*81+AJNJ8B$:9%44-OD



=QM.M[:P7

BD
0:W
M#G


-;NB`3BYG=

M_7


?*^JB9X\R^2R=/4*-I'K=%XY4D
,X3TA.D+5DQ-)E



'@GU@B

%%#($2:K1D:.CSO:\NXM
W?[K9F?)#LED@HKJ1
:
@]?1-]4
MP@S)215U




6Y'C!!]@B


T:AI!M2[]6M*KQ%HQ`!XM


M;VSNMST0@1*8F5,0,@]1K15C-E[E\1I$?/066*#$^+P*-A?*FN..9=U?^!
M%F=/B?BE




+9+E


ME0C;=3SYL%%7CW8+%SS93;/5[$G50)4.;Q/%'FJ
H57U+V0GCTK2TTMBVN



M3V:+Y3SGG=5W'WOG=;ES_6./7ML]RK*BXHBK.$XK0UEI:G8YZZF+(2TIX8&0

D[

M!5[V8`JBE_Y$+N+$^-YM%0$43RULMD?%F;'=#EU$R
+P_)AGDROXLW4=)&
M\)`II)*57*A4A@)`DUCO]?O-'L%%G`9T'XP%S8(DP4+RWLGM

M0TH1/0IT$':+#\W5[.LT_T-OIOM_]VUY*#L*;`=H#4LQ.*N
4
0%2E=EQ;




/HQ2'IJBU<(#A.AO1#+9@=-+
MI#T5AKU<`3W$T'GL^FCD@=-#6<`IF#(_:
YO'L

ME%*PP%+`Z!_#`25D:7T&`O`H
'@`(ORBBKA9$-$[B)GH-_8U)HEB(G[5X2


-(_`%1+`*Y)[-9S4/-TO68N8/





'%6)S8?)Q=V=)DC$);A37PALTKIZ$


1KIKT(%(0UA7-:6

/9VQ3RJA&AB5?!





.^^7
_7Z=CWFN79[R#T#08D[8;/RROV_




M2ED3-
82EM!DDV!E*15PIRO*'=.V;/B8MWN
Z!G%C.GS1;XG#TE#DVN!NU


K&


!$6,.DY&CR22#T4^Y.2SC6%

`\\'=70_)8)=XV4&4IL!XF!X8:
MW)D0T%H;2V%L,(TUJSZ,0^$`K'TYHCD)S.;.PH9LDNM5#;8:1VA^DQ$&/










XO
M(O#-

M;6B5;6





MEK`YTNKWG]Z




M[G7G4VE






&*G\V^%PZEG3.+?3WLBA3
W%
MYU_[5O]V\SDK_=6_
\__J%_ZOG9





M&
-4
X@Z8#$IZ\;DIK]OFC\IR:!7M$58;!=$3W43#FEXT+0*&@YALB[E+)DV
MPAD`[%\1NY[.)LPTXBX&AZ4U9D?)6)N8I]YZ_8:




EP
MK:YKSDA-;@I




M+P&[0VAB4U%.
*37C[L-BX
/S/JME(%2JZF2S^;!DL2U(M40RV^I(5\:B/N_
M_^2+1GP8:NGJ[A](5K??ULQFK&]RV``

M;


M)4U%#'HWQF*@L[@'


)%3+#QJYQR)HNP
^XEG[(0$

W):7AV?*XV[`X^`)9YW+.%%A_@V!\VCA3

R8+L`!SY8IBM@5]).N+

-L\@62JY



M&KE8R$.K4)T'E$GE5R^4S!GY'0GULXWY&DDVH;*-`1TVXS=S'#6(KS24G1&_
MI8;RC[9W!XWV!$-L4F(R63)[4_W4P5FLBT/(\?9H[RSV;Z9K8QH8X!3(Q$BD
MS

7:=Y

M3@USFW2-6QQ%9;?)N!\-R5

MA`GYDC/OZQN*99%K#%6;TP[@[//LE8:0G.%N]FK?OKXW/?KSZ^^3)+&DYI4R
MDN/V%9`\:0%4U8BA=O[HHLSQ[;\&58HUE3BT
ID(26QY&DH?1
L3YJYV$O=L



]31/
`B52N6A5@/-*X.68I]U7(9-

M$J$6








%^08#!8%F].X




M*%:?Q


H5EN8&SM+$M`/D6L9
M:/%:^WDM2L-Z;Y-D&.]6*%!&&4*JOG06WC)F
TD#+R[L3U^S]QF@1G%.JU=.




MOQY&)XHA


M
:Q1;+^7L?FS2QU#D8\J#RXL-P6[12.F!N0@'(Y\6/3


DDBFXOSQ=JB




M;2E:S





R*






,K5$IJDU#FDDK`.N!J4$5,.3OVG03:12/K(A`!FAOUCI'-T.8KMJLA.!]
M=6M$\0[N*9@Z





M


[+`@WH3`V08:Y'GMB@\U3T5]N<V\:'9=-J`NFFWOBBT54T6K
M)X?`!&(IC(I-D8HIK]X3/V-@75[3R





[1*B0/5%


MH51ZG!2Q.M%E4B0U_ENE

MM



R2E5*H2A2)'Q(=&



MQZX.$



_F,ZFMW&4ZTR[N9S,RDK7
MUXOES8,W'TFG8DI@2EA0A<Q%H


N@CQ1UD6607S
@`=W18!^)0E`Z=0^&0PH6J3


.T

OVG-1\-R
M5O%D_=!2_(]0G`
*O4QE^X)QG=(:+ZV4
Z.)/2SH&%X@MY9X1##AV59U'M





M\V['F3LTB#`^-.




M?VSHQ2.FM04W2@0@P8J&A62QJV6CL]G#-C=^S(&4_/'BAD=GW.L25M-1LTZF
M)#VPI%@G2=R;L`
D?J!J/PI(P\M/B-RRD$U(WC&P'KJ;)$DITQ]3.%`AC8_



A
MS([$K#HP
3L.'*

Q0:F`_,
MMNT5(+CJ8K0@L!Y?C=ZWCN]=]?#MY#F2@HC:9#
E[O0M/_;5?LR_+1:-='_

K`:(L_'&(ZBKZ9-Q^FUZ4'T/W?;#-*
M^^C



M^L!ZV;:IO


M`)%*G
#-UM:A[I6\'+AFB3[NS_;`U55MRZ8&*99Q24
MLL5QW4H3YS;)O_SP:R&YZ]58(+WY8]XLR]BPM\VR*)+)QV8/`1_OC-UI+7'?







I2F@2N




RDA\
M&EWIM=[-B?8!ZIH#!OK


!N;`=GV


:NKB)&4\]YW%8T/@L4

-?





MQ3+
)JM5M]-OB?H3E_UE^O'3]:KT=&LFJ^;38G:YN;I'#/RQ-_1+&7[V0-6\

M`XPL6%`Y!^
]F;!LO$Q;#PJBY5P18



^$TPYY0@D)


12
MN!R)HK2:6.36&WX^6-WXO!E#8[*\%$^81,9*7HR\=DDRII5JUR,J$JU36/

'**@I0E0[L0^E$D#[5
MU@UT@`5X2D@&O`J::/;JO(R`L95KAA4(;ASA_$):GZ@I+#RJ$L&2!7G39(1
MR*832




MXBJC8IF3

7M&6QCQ=O\P




MB5$YZA+3[UM1

\H[(G'!7:U+L_$HOWHJ^M5YW/;)OUY
M58GRZGU:W'VL5S?__LORW8=E_KS\]:;]`6\7;;WC-[_WZ]N;-XLWK5G_YYM/
MK]YNS


E0%(6=:Q6.(;V
M)0
46UK'6NIO@#R0^]





M9_C+\L

2BR0B0@^:_&
BS.N'W@C?.SPSSDWA:N=
M45X9IU.THG%L%-HI-XL-.VHDO`NK]8[@E!C
IG#E06&P)10G

)@]_W
M$_(H*CL6*^?8VE1C5&'P-5WPKJ\=TJ#NMSM.B<1S[=WC`5#)4ML5I8))KA$
M0YNHKP


1D]5)U!1$
M;D4#PV(3$=GD?F6





M_&8+9XN3AUR%A7C11:E%!M
S`G?)?2B1G-&AJLKH($R2G&^A
1#@2H4^T3
5L1=QD4F+V^ES
M(?&OJ6T:6Q=QDT/N*T:UD.W.1/WYV8\69Y;*;&6U\N)!%H_5MN6RZ/2Z,CME
M7:DK%@G]K.'GR39EC2\5.:X0DE;.91W;X'PSU'GJ9/I=X-0U=SU3J.-'070I
MI97B5D?6NL9]<!%D^Z<&@VZ6VSX'%FFU[;)LJ]9[I.V)18/8FV&HOK63]/I



G!6W

S3\K;[:A?3KRM[UG?A_COOM;@+D9(1[:@(42Z;V\Y&CZ:K@H5@#]4Q


M/`&)_QG)*2W:

&QFT`YB



B]

MY9=6K/;7MMKT7_(+1


M?%\AO%3E

9\\&Q(SI_8G[]^(8L[PAL5=A6!!D@

M/



M3'^%D5+@D$H





9Z'=@NEPLY;+W^W:*I'P(&9ED)F

MDY3^GO%T&

M-)BW

M+QI



M9M

ME6U:S1
C%=&N0B'(H3@%#L+F#.7B0N_$[GR5A\AW_*QO!-&H%CF4:%2




@^G
4C%8


'G[[WXAQ@


^SBJ2FI
MJ!)2
BEATKYLAZUJC2/-OV-Q]Z


MMGF.+
OG'




M:TI#G?D0I*4*]6DL/8#O?[NCBQ1$)($J-!.*.U4H#R6@L]HR6\0.N'Q?/;
MT1FP6*U7.U=M]H^FGL`^D*


Q6


DZ(


M'=((09Z0+AH3

M&D&WY$&HK(;/'@-J6YN\^\1SWAC.3C3D+4\D41-R4MXZSI3*1$/:.*$3:]%!
M77O^6`0CR6E$%B'(S[]X)03U2?D\S*-
N%2&VY8N;]ZIK\\DK!$Y@IC`$%EB


]$BAC!$&/6;*8_^T(R?PE


ZGY#&

4E*:4U=



M83N&!*$YK;EU3`L_RZ6(;42#9JF7P1&G/)JSX`-P+_9S@R*I7P4[WSS/+[8Q



MJM*Q;Y@=-M

I[^7([Y@KF3C(5.G*S`0

O
MNS4TJIC'T+C\R*X
1J7E

S!0XUA
@


M8C#.
X^H2

\.B5UC'-


MFT]_7LROM_\S1GN&RV






-@N20;1%8SIWQ5
MWGKL_7^7&08V'L]\/;DYLKL/3]FW9KF^VSA!^
UY/M:W#=2[#W??[HTR7=Q




%ESAHNQMZ$GZDSE


M

]VZ!


MZ]J0NL*
N^=[</$]_\S;^;?;]6KS`?I(:]_[D7]#
MQ8)+R$)
R^9_;YOY]5W[S[OWR3R^!5'.YI\'



4_M4&0W!JCT
\B(BCO'#H@91!E)*2F/*35*]7KV9I7



QNZ]YTF3'(URW

MF#L*-3


`K%+;

JH'I@UKIW-/OJ342:I52GL]

%M_19
S7'YKEUZ?'33SZI3^J77;UFN^;[XL;7$JQ-#]2
MWD0KG7D5\2BFR!






'&0@EF8N$0:DM.YQZU$YMZHK89^!Z=[:


D
MD



D


M.7AONN/MS^F^6Y1\5!:`HW]$`HK%)%L&DAL-T.KE$G%8/$=A'$!2O:6)NJ3E



M[FMJ#O0&QY3#?+98_KQ8-ZN49VHN9O-UG'W^LO[K[7R*Y_37)A^5N[2=MYE/
M8[AMW.WGV]6:


OAIX%5]);JHG]W%%-?MS*ZC9
MGQ_^6+2=*[Q[C^L+^Y)5R$VUJ/_+$BD.4M8M!4)+11ZJ`2J_
)@POHMX[I=













M-XN;']9B?P7(LR_5G^I$]
HEIW*6D%3FZ
.)V%*O



MTZVJS,,9?!V`^UREI;T]-E770(2;!&?*&EY`0BG*U6


MR(8'A384M$V17&DO;^#C']E#UL-T3BG&V2H?821Y93*XXB

Y-(;\3\!-M.KESJI/HLH
-J8)*`M


MF-@SL1(!3

-8YT)0\IL*8K4^G3$'U
M`ZDOM.HZ0H^3=$K0IIT:ZYS+VN0$E?A8)^^PA5JR:
`NLPP`77OD66
W^FG#



T!L



GXS*W'H$TLH
M


D4;&=D7(SZ:C[$8HD]7C:X\WMA^7-\+?EW?[*\FDB


L!PID=:F

@B.?


1JT+JE`&*GWQ..DM_M!
2
QD





M-(WE-;++V#\8GOH&S9+DTIE0A:Q-L1SA._#%MV'.A=!W.9`Y4#F2%HB\T8%7
M'Q6[I*1C:V

%O&ML_

&F1=0






PI:]ZAZ89)^39
MHDB)-F;O/8F@0GO:JETS?26^
'V!RP1P'.?:00!;2:30B2MK=6I14\=C%P
4)JTJ[7PHS='')RHBO)

3^^7JU_7_S.1ER%M


90[I92D(S&]A8IS)7:HXH8H[9/96$
MYK3-G0+5\?V-(^LW$E;3F-V]9R592-%Y*$)975^;


(BUM$Z*Q]6JIT?UQ5G!:HHTWQWG=/96PUBP5R38VQMBJ'ZRH
M%`5]G\H4=O@PH(XSR'N'Q.SB:U*A
KT)STZ=+ZH]5P#U#-`7IFM;F`6BXS(?


6'V%D+BP%!&6WQEN?5/

MHV87A]6M\R:K5AB0!2O4/E?:E3+.C\^
P6!6



MB@?VA/OQ#&KT\[!/'PU8K3)D=+J@124U.^FML%M`Z
R'H;$?(_;IJ4'K8B4*




M+7/W%2JE5GR$2N%3ZBP(;;1.^QQ;YG;RRA/M,R=33N):J5I$O55J?(KFI;
MK0W9=`5+'#5


)'.F+N68^\CA
$6+[/+H5)
*EM:




M4#&IX25Y.5
NRY9&&O'VN4!_GS










%&+N]W0[:%QT\Z;3
M5*3-N_8_'QX%RN+K__WEX4-_K.\W'WYX\]?;7W]\?]^O@]\NGGYD^SBXK.:)





M]'*16


78`6^X$2$MA46;^0

M%QS/D4PU&*XDH&M^$DU`K.QN@#&GM;ZS0,=P03+.A`-+?]]E#2C3NI[
=M


B;@F:8*R:W8TQZW]K/4:UU\)C236%
M#CC8MJ7-.9`4Z1J*-BF/KF/!/(M6W2#-3%Q[V.E,ACVM+D-I(;I-T%.1:0$





M@:

!-Z_Q7K)=3Z@/
M[F/B%

X^_Z
M\?W#A_O-A[O[CP2(.YDFOK)0L_WZPVD73W/(@+YZH11







'OCEVLHR17I
M$`)!
8

M=#(2.5M=AI!5L&0;U&S#8IA%HF^LD1=L3I=
AIP]DLNN9
])JTEF))/1JYV\



\KFRYK0670<*6/RZM!Y3*FV
M-1OR3N]S;1#






O.9RS5GS.ZJN4

!5;'S#
*-77`]


MV)1RNJ//M^0&]=*HK:;[6M`ZTT)NJ1I1-=EBM]U7I)FAXV;1*:O+1^0TD3:&



MJWEE%A;OFFA+\1_2F`JPYQN7E$=9@W-SV+52!7FW

M;LNSI-`N

[3#'$
MOKEC&RP&!CNG82\3$.(6;#&O`8DSUF)2;?^@40VE4LS%NF@_UV)H]CJKZ0CL
MS:6_






B*70^YIZZ2

JK23!^<JQ9&HA
MV3:M$G0SR=-SC
7J^_OO-Q^^N[U[U[_QR;6VE(N!EOA*!E7'A1EUD*6'
K=.

LWYBJ07

M7TG[C:7=OZ5&S514(C8/._HP*G4J]9RK#7-UP)ZS.(#I:88Q#_J/1!O;$U

XL-\
OMO-:VFR?M\GK!

(*$JI$2@I@QZ^0PF6EIA%Y.

4ME(J8;8X8
M(Y4(T8RVG'


M

M*A&)*G:A1@2=(MB!$Z?D;1=N/`&U/&

MU

MA$??N6P2.R=:MUK5KJ2AYFU`+J/M?#4P^Z8(G@ZN
Y@VJA1
HE`-G8VCC(<H0


M\XW;NSIR)$#?7OY#A+Q:??T1D;?/.KU[*T*T6D/KFN&U\Z0J8-RZ^\**NK#*
M[K+![3


81


M6AX!/M
QUI*MYN*H#38GE:)\=
..H=IC\@;NQP!&PN1ORR^WJ[./B^OES^^%

MEJXI%*F-2K&J9$
J;(B2T?+-Q\;;S2+Z-X$^+E;+;V^47?=AM?B\EOGZ_?E_



MN%?B3#I
;J



MQL_Q3:50S5`BLQ


T=.K1F[V?:KI=)/HNHF(XR'AACK+\O5S==6

MSZX^_R9O/7_JYBSDZ
@Y\):2B1I-J&NT


?-7ZX+FQ:?
M]L

3)*IVS


V$&


-:D=*N8H
M;-'HCDO

GF^

5E5%D3N9+#3%K2&J

9&_LV-$8=UJ%Y&5POL#=*L=7!HO@R.4$4




UH(R;$*F\9V+CFT


UDPW#
M6/A2'7;;26.?=;CC\9\OW[375:VYE6HMQ+(G+C60


MZL5@O$@I\GF(/X)M\K^,K#TZ*#STMD]H9?(


3^=O5%TDVG
\27$
T?=5&ZA2]=1OVM(31`?[_13:=]3*+5\OU2R
KY
MNF+JW6+U\VK]U.?_MOATNWRW7*TKVB:B_N9[*34*/;&I!*C8[L&C'?H&MXJ)

C
M$O-<:FF#C(O\S7Y(;X<*JJL_$L?+]/1D!@S&5U)MX\+!VL30CE5;VACH$'T
M5S\==E:!9]#1(&Y6\++

H@^9X0S(@3
[K87-$ROU8`-.-Y#LP.*-O%XXND%7BMVD5
M;'7DP]#_T15[KRT#LU'!,D,4SJB#6VH7RI1%XODVQG)+4.54_6RAT(G0E;

M/^:#S@'+A$/XG';!%E]-#E#;O6L82N*R;)F.L

M*Q
FGS1A
SZ'7OZ$6P.`^/MQ:<-C,.G;S]_65W]8PW8
M-$BB861A+X5M3&5ULIVVP??URZ7QN.NS7=L2+:92;<WR]7V-9-@1\D7G4EI


M._#!UZ[C

MQ09@V018G6KU&'W'$^[;WD\G

MIPF[VG+C_N159'B%L%.


$K4W']



UCAH#-3%F'!J&#W+8=E_








M3:GZ9E:'P%Z^0.D(

M7


M$G)GV&R1J6UI7.^_^);0W.J\

M4GUO.+0!T@734*PID0*G3Z5P43MJ/;U2RHG#=]6.\PQ_
1Z$E)^&X]%D^J_Q;'A^RY_BJ/(K!\.C

5:_ZJK4$7:)5YJQE
R&?'6C
Z7BVCY$


M4#7NL;OR45L'J=DC)$U+O]\C!XNY/%;C^28`GC/7I-?B6?)K-MVM=0'\$^

7B\_\/CH?]=+G*]D-%U2\WAR])/B


J@-5A@
M5H_@461$Y53AR)BLA^:RU]GRJD0+[U&C^?ALW;TC6H*/3@JMLX]\!AT57-U$

(7
S+\:0C6T'Q)ZUY:VCP7/7`\M,2N?@$CH@$U%F
MNQ([2&1;$ZBZ8=$]P?'ANA)49B[=ACE69^(5$W(IZM6'%Q!=C)69Z(\\5_[

M

!)-
U+AN









&/9ZM<&#4C(:!?U%$XEN-XN.'/Z!C'TT&Q1\^A@TG9F@@=`V7-7KL
MBB@RF':P@P1]0DCVZ#(8F$H$LS2IE%R\2%T7/0RH<D[2*QEY)-!LD=OX9
+


4!


S[MVWT





?%2%SKJ[$:5SB:+1\CE3
MSNS`LU^!QHGT?X4
616-;

&.PO)FP0CNI0[%23ITP8Y:H3F%L-AH=DU)Y$P21&M






M1(GY#SGR(G@?2Q+=/
^


KL/U1=/JEZZDE%L!Q$

MWH%:33&S_

/'3:'GZF_.I!!






M$Y1N5E.`#4
GVC;;?N`XG(^(P2HV2D%(:)DNV[





3_VT.](WG_L*68



M2SZCAT3_ODW2&K)05-`X5*9$&T*L^]U$8]A)RTWH[\6MO!B-_;R$C7:.09L]

M-T:!=5`3'\8\$GMX-XCULUZ^T83]XNFT]YZQM+)$GR*-DIK%D+XF)'W]2:3
MKMN.KL.C^MOSW_[;2UAIG3@M]VLF[DJ517I=:RZD-)LG3(:9B50F*F`U.HO
M?_T(_S$_K.%WD!7N!\CE:_IQ
O[*G'+8_;E
IK\/1_SGQ4O[\/O\T[U0$0C.


M3;

M2C=OZFU=XHY2W\%;NK7?7JFA_^'MW=?7_3O_O'FM+YV=AOSI8E?=O+K^D


K!K





MNA


5EV-71A`K*)
-8P74KQ
J_AUJ*W+O+0-!DZ*8Q!&#GY!T--YN.1407ZJ/.]P$)$`C7EC_$JQLQU
MNE36:AMGX[X8I`Y7C=U/F^NS\XO-FW:VO=`?=C)R-*<;K+(E4W-3`BM*^7?




9JX]\C3@7)30Y8*E



*)*+LD;2<./D&T`(
PY63L-8
388+@S




+7BOJ.@?78ZX`Q*S*7EF;!O@J+6\QHVT
M4*1



MW;I_7GOFF:37'9+50



M-HV79.(VC.STP9O3#%R_3`UUP0IJB=R'C?49O[98X02PN\%HW$QG=HRG2=F?

PK+HH)J35
E!C(
M53]U_N;




P_&B\%8LA
P$6C
)JF#83F8QOE%0.8;VIEEA6KK8:P
M-\?&5'I!QI4R93AK5.HY3JF_'Q;RC:S&X9D_)UNP8O8Y-4_)]?&?.Z%


*


M[
LZD7V*4+(P&.]C





M5+NL:B-?XDZ62IJ
TC.0YJ6.O_YU6@]FD/)*1O6L%E,4:*%4^727L[DQY-
M_NNE7?O2(ZZA8BFN

Z6ZO8_BA6]IX_HT]3]570_
E1MJ
Q8<)=JWCUP0T[<E6H
%9JG;-0


J


M9`^^*]87VD

MWT5B
B92UP/9HD$]LW%8
)CHJ16@QG4W]M/$T6\=
J9?XS7A``B.?:)16Q
M0IC


OB+0X;S*QO2$DP.




LI4!8K:+2O
;]

M$(2#:1)#*4U1FDY;I8!#&+N^3;3

M;XN$



1IH^QR<^/`1W//F7

3?%O)6=0(!Y$UC&C+G)205RR#7<Q(
M2\\D7[)HY@]7.SB;'@S

ME-S#2YX[4$.`!9,1PL%?:Q%;I*\XA';&EH2-


OZMX[.B$NR(($J9H.Y@








Y!^&LR6+1<B8-P8


HQY56XYE.$V&.N(/=YR:49D$
MR@C65UY\RR=SP4RYZP6]3Q=_^?%/G]Z
\_N!_-6W_*BPH^NSZ?GU0'6[\8DF
M\P.49POL
.\
L4H0(:`E5O*J8)PPSJ






X]3R3Y]V$!P-J':2@-;:$


MQ
P#JAE2RE0%R)#WCB:L@?G#8
)&8]T8*X
9);A5B!)
E`

M7AG`ZU*%@D1B#+S6R!&OM')5ZCORX;\DK/.5P5H'0T@?C#F!O

++J
)AH]/4VT($P#H&UJ!DV
M:9+T\T?'2\!W



X5
MPXM2J2#L&2DW-7$V_.TVL7^






MDD$-XI`'$PSH`Q9CLTB.)OK-#A[3?7_T.&O@X^@;L!P));`Y14RDKC%GP$
MTK(ZS3
$]MK[+`WWCC`L*0@F


NI+?S-!
M-%!/FEK=KO5Z32X5*!YSY)&#UEG`/)EYFSTB*F=[K%;G@[**W;$&=;#0PC


M'-!U
(K#0


N9

MRB;5IP%A/1AU_WJZ-=KM



KQY`EMWT78%T&X0VA.4-FWHLWGR_*K#/L9:.X
M++/N;%UF@]N%&=?CI#^99J/S+'PG.Q_%I1]F_^2?G:OQ^W]`!MZO_9B/+:0E
M%F1U683F!%2+KS_LA;&7[^_^T'!4!Y8_-1T-(XW_OOVQM/8X_KYH/!_#N_

7(<T?7-T&M*4;?9Z_AXKOOIKW;E\6C=RB'],L;+GZ^=X?;.S]Z
MM]L+X9:OVY=Q-OOYGEH-\R7]+2^F_6YG,%^`,UE\?T_&4)7NP)T]_U<=N]^


MF!J$9^
OEX-&G]+SLAIKWC'WJ,
M6ANDE8=6'BJK'!SS5B!:HWQ9;#\,)]=%#$?-BGDL:FLH-(A_#L=08/BXMD5



MSV=AOLM4FHD975WUIV5E_W?7Z\[16


M^+KH7L9+1N





M:KG5]#(P:W85_G(YR?)`4KVLRE+(:DTOKG'



MEDU9_*V.LU%BJ:^777

MWM$/@35FTCX#3E-$J



W4[XWX
1IY'










?0YS5=SNWJX-HF

M@SZG@Y6[C8/;2OQ@.HG/_K=U96Z%[



8/
M9C:-'Q=3B$'K


MQ%Q#S/00NN+M#?01MBPBOO-=@7H2-QDJRT



MHJMUFNWZXB:8


M4GX66Q;ER.&!HF



FAD?
/'&P:H&1!Z!@I
MFJ]A((-0AR9J8NH8P6+LH([KQ(C
K&QJ4=Y9-'KA)I8&0:2+J$:NOK&KG\P
M$\6=FCDU-1EVTE#U!XT%G#PWJ;,/0_Q'G(?V0\3KKE1C^6O7D/*CT?$88

MKR=3Q.WR!DVOG%M`*JQ:9_G(H`V4`'
SE$




MWOOH?Q.9@8-KH8K8+US)\D


M

6-CHS$YVV

MG6?`


MJFHAA


M3









A+!@FA`%-*NJBQD*1



.

M(9&0:(?@(F$1#L$1T@D)-HA.$(B(=$.P1$28EV(Z02$BT0W$Q&-&(MV8
M^^GBK]1/'F:BDUAUQ$]\(9\N84&'7J50=3^
W+M\#^$'\(/X8?P8Z=\#^$










Y
MHVYVZ8S:V').W)N48@548PH1A0CBA'%#H)B9$2MXA;)7&K007]B%O$+3(-
MB6)$

0AHHWR:C4&`4KK!&L0+$*Q`?B


5J^B%O$+5J^B&)$L0I2
M;-I#XA;QWB%BU?1#&B6
4H1LO7!MRB&B[)3^?16$@8)I-C'@3


M(9&0:(?@(F$1#L$1T@D)-HA.$(B(=$.P1$28EV(Z02$BT0W$Q&-&XLMC



1+X@72Q;A7KU-

MEB^B&%&L8A2CY8NX1=RBY8LH1A2K(



MR47K%U&



.?=AF-(?^L(K^#39$!!N?/W$'B]C:P.[0J#+=S`]RA[&?%B
M*W%T!N9*V!`AB!5)P0M%
0+X@4M%$0((@0M%








M7C(N)2ZH_M8\&C=8WP0_@A_!!^#]5D4\I,6D%Y]1B\@I;3:K`M;*D%@I





M&/[\ZO*\V7#:_VS_^_K\%?
]^`-WD[?OFWWGK-'NGS=:YZVST]9EJ]ER3L^:

6#5DR




6#OA$BG?Y

M&COYX


ML9(3%DFM6G#;*OK-]BO/YB+?GH-5%9(D=]H&ZZ[9/O6K7
.D:$C1D*(I6=%T
MZDU2-#OS6U9_%_*%)V!7RAI378
IRNB!#=


[DZ7';3D
M*@:Y4FK_5?ID9'=%`5^2TJ0JU0);_49]L'^)5@)YM*4@+5D5K)*6-*DEVXW.




%S^H&J*II
HS$?\H+H*O?;'.$154%7A.1^VRI\


!R]I8UDSRR=B0+;L2
ML+

A

M;+=Z61Q-TSGM]EJ5CJ

MT`&4PV*H`X4E@$YNO30NH;7K\(*M7SS


MK]6HVX'G3=P2VF@/MB.TG0M7C&]$S)K]&L

Z;)!D


M`BM20W-JJ&VP?!NI(5)#I(9(#6V18K%3;Y0N$%NF'M^C9+\O$N$G\1V&&+(_

?&E?+X8S,OP?JC?.S$
M%F++VFPQ=@1/;&V5-\6&Y@[[B53C.ARZ'1Q#):_.0Z^4


+JPOEMIAK\C$W$-C
MKL4.ET:]LW=:V\+0LCTU1%PBKL&MKL'BBK0@$Z^/B=?[96ZC;J[D+C&7F$O

`E@T`1)
$8%-


M2R/7
7X(AIG^O?BA
(K'/)A;KAU\9MJP1J8K@B![YN=7C5?J=UA_W/SWS0EX
M[WO)Z-U@4.\WVMU^K_
Z7_U@`@

#6=]*T:3%?$P=*8H#5B2527

H2K[^WN)I\.VN8OF\E;'*
M&J]V27-[0&C=O`D:M?.XT(+%U0I5*]5UY.L0H0=W=U
0^+DV=I'
/DL!@4





M[




MC=(B;%F

M$Y

MD-I4&%RH/T#H(_3M4@
JT*T=YDL7)5=#]





M[]4YO7?Q'8K2)6(2
0W*T5RP(1&3B%E]8E;$546T)=H2;6D])6(2
8F81$SK





5F!P)E4J[DKHH^*N%=[]




MID$YFCLH)6(2

M
3

MP4F6^
:/5VE119N7^JP(RB);\0WXAOQ[:CY5A%O%K&1V'@$;2^$=^(;\0W




MBKP/(4Q`@M_9M


M

M:1+E?]#FH/J+7J'!)C584K;WPI*RG1:5^;3BO7Y%^DGS1V5H#\P'0O*9=;=%

M$F
ICK/5=)^03!M!2IEG_@A@Y</PKE&R+E
X]S<PX6%4I5
I^?4!Z:08@L+
MRK9:B!$'S(A6?T,($80(V9KA$E7/C&&%%]1O1;=6-9Y@Z%$11Y\(1P/PL
M9U7QK2K[U=J1PN1!VX$*J\(RZXUD],D[S1YIXE;97K3\Y8HA91JY1ERZ`]




MN=9@?FVCBT/$
`
'HCL48A4$9XVPJH8XXS:7]?J-\G\6WQLXK;JQTK+6SSVM
M;:1I2-/L*;%%TZEW2-.4N?4_L!W^QPA[+N*QX3T^*6/R1I

M$54)&SI20@?L/*)S*J)%^9LMVE




M6


MUJEXJ=)I+541:VRW56?`$NR_?I:8\R3/7G2V?6_K%W?\7J\B_:3QT?AL[J?=




(I9&F)HE@!^8TS8=!&
A2O\
M.XP3H])8E7(G&`/@

6OV:PSOL9FB
27[

X_O41X[
MTC.D9W:O9]I4=8KT#.D9TC

M


U:
G]6R;

*Z:.8/EL<D`2A

ET
MAH
378@N!TX7D]$




69HUX$:QIT5'Z-[$;-H%V08MB-N;Q-Y$P
M'L!4\M`5[\@E2%#)+A#$]P1.J%W#!;M/M+7='$
&(8
8P81@PCAA'#B&'$
M
&(8
8P81@RK6DC085YNG%7[U)G!C%U:(
UDFWRHVN?1`\@6362L:'=Y8RXA


M_*R)GX

.]]S4I3ZB16


M)W9=;7
7_ZV?^I=NNR@'8/+3]2@6*X^!E3JUW;]?%0'.P2@`PYF:/7,)8ZV
M1;N6[1@D0APP(1S*`4A\(#[,^-`VEP.0$&$J#PA3AR#2P3Y%HDO!\X7D[%/

MI^N$7<FO/T$;6(6D2M<D*1*-$C
MA2(1\_;@?VQ2%!1CZA7[5*@S<HS[.'Q-^$XBESQ=^+HPK\$/Q-J]SWFR\
M+@'M_:;3M.['IT2K9


MD.RSN&=?HS$/?V*K!+S





MOWB0JL^=AMX_4YB`X0.



M!^XF;_N]_N7[]^U![WVO==$XNVA=O#]U3L^:G6;KLG?6&;SZQR
D/:6.5FFC










M?3CDF

M+5'(/'&#EBKZP5-?CC6I2+[\^/01,\=9!U.D)[!:V);\T6=I;N.MLEJHBZ







M%'=^E
H`GW%1\WGXL(CO@!S8_U@

M#^9UR+


@%

\
4:SQ46$H+OT
#*#.OG6ZGWF?PC0#^H=S9


)9S(=CWD
H&.3
M-)Y$4F:%-AS(H3'_(&%4<)T*=20G_57E3M.K4=ZR8IO+B\S]C%0H]OA$3



?SL!]5=ZR_P=_9)
M6[47:-42L`A8!H!UK?=+VR+]#SI^?W0$62QCTIK^^;J\UXN`EWI:\`1XNX9

MN^-!*J`+8O(VG:B8
AC'B'$I1:(]6_EE
%](=B+JM_4:K



ZV
M<CEB)X6).H,I]+TLTOB-F46W!WI(:$<0'9CD)M



MK[0

K;^ISK
WNLE=:;#\T&_7V









0_B4FKM$\#%NB[CB
MR@WPP)-9[BCM


W@MS

;JVM89+1G[L
MO9WP&/0UMJ)75DR:X`-492+51

M+KS%X1`DGS7#18[PRG+QY@O==3&`P#

M%)-^W#'IS4ZCWBE=(K;






:1TW




MZUH\5?2;`^;;(^CN0+6[AO,$0WP.@&V/43Y8
.QW[9NRK;@(@M(*(7I;@R
M&7

\]@832(7<37?M0II-)X





F9R3Q7?#RS
MB:&=H9]D$??X1Z&^-FVAILWR
6Y[/'A:C/UTS'3Q:W@V#G7;-S%P$'X$92U3

A3
M6U6`!
X#_+O

T\'Y
MCT6VUP80S]ADP[@T7OQS!DR_T'`'DZ5`C*\@D\&N-'3:);::`#02-V#3%HS



M;;9-+K#KKS127

MJ



G-7(Q%-JU/S46

M:KG)



LZRMECK[
M


?E0[`G_.0!IQ



'?MHT/VL[AG7Z


7
M]F9!9/YXPEUU`:!P'T(F8O(VG:B8
G63;
55F1-1OZW7IAEU

W
4PEG:H^N

U.5R
M5&?L=XPN=H

MC\C;4.HL!!WTUMB7$G28TC.U60*K_#[DS4
6-#WF/M[=9F-U_(O7FPLY


M3]



?H.I,[L@FEP^D`T^WC0$XTQ=-_Z]?E5G,E.X.J]$=N501O?X!PQV
M!TXJ5/(PU'N8&#@+5E]@1.;

W'C?1V5T4-/T-PD@
MN'^+=U=J3`S!6/


]5V



O)@&H[U2IC#=*,ZDP5H`/AXJQ896^'1K

M)\63_!YN
3])X6



R
MG9[*T&KR=*J
WY2R`RB#ILSS0D]ODR[DO5@Y*Z@?IPF`CFH50H;E==J$F0I
MS/),82K95^AKJT'K7\%DT5?:5R:T0P5_S+UD^M
6/GO?$\\U54VBH*IP9TO

.7S3N?7!F;G
M4EDHMYFTM+454ZAUUBS9I2%[86<\L]+!H7Y=#-'/3]NR]C5-V#4)1AINKRJ

MS.J2E=*8INDM%)B!YW8'5]



M
!DE`9E
XTD4(:





LTI&:M';GZ*AZGI!@FC;439M$ZR2B.TMN1WL4M2=3]KA!(4'NTMZFQ

OH+71


M]O_+0I&+0)M6T


K/SYM?
9BB236



6U!/U]?-[K!`YK78N
#?


UA5H7;PB=-O
4%?%EWJV`J<-8\F=HM<XN/+;S`]VYBY@:

M/\\G

A!JIM-`B='VQ15+BT[-&K]
:7#3;G=9YL]4X

0YP)+V

;_Y4
M!14C5?TD];'FD$X.C)7A5.Y]3-8;J3(4;L#]

M'D




I$PBLWB&8N


5:&=X72Z:H^KD@RI9XA$91^[1&Y/#[F2K/%2HMI
M_:KD-!S4@':/,PZ+E5.]UM?/ZRU,G8@BE'`#Q&JZFQBXB@HY&'_@-)2(L^K
MO:B



M8)S@D[

MC$U5Z?



?%L4BA='@M+QZH592'==65Y89C

V9N-
%K`V-E/.S0/1M2/A#N][(KRD;

MICD4&*6U1NZJ[2;:6)]5E?&Y+J^1S6AK$)@3M4XI.=?Q+*O(JCPWVPD:3)*)

M7Z2



;-16]
PC)[
Y
MGGUDC6%E6]%I;6H`D$+JO






2\5[#2]367FHUFLY@U
M-PWY&'V;F#5W$HNQGX[5;O@'9U#OY?.E7%T_-)W7T@%V*LB;5DPC.4YJ5(Z





M/K/A

%
M_Q!BCL0H?F!?Q5T4@+QJ[..'][]]99
@E:R)00*T([%(;1W.CD3+J=]TFN7O

M&0TQ\9VG`@0;]5;CM;8JG'K#G%5!FNV`]SPEV`B'HJV(%T?

M$&]'[!./W1'^:4![&HLTW'
I'`YGS]-OUQ?S86X+O6VE=B@JE;A)W#1IMC@-

W-X;!]=1P@.5@I'V3=78-V6T50DF[2J4W:SUG)ZY6MGK
M#[3.HC81&Q:_EZKUF@VZN9BQ8^!38?FP3`IVS-5N9A*H'^
\7D:`=#.YAR

0VW`3U;
M0$\O2K%^Q4M25E=BV(L1=[:(MRQQ,KP^W1[C;*LNB6JP2.R#%$&HPT6&4T


9`5Y8$`=\\L#]^9;_`



M'5CCQVS(820ZM
8/86@@(E]BMB6/3=*;P'?AT2&T$]ZRDQFBW]39'QB_XPK_
S\9*3U3#/F:20C4T

3X17^!!$+DZ^VO61*+N.DW2

VG[(T*

V@:('
J3W$PP<E)#<<@)$:2(3^!N*NU=?77RW6#FO


MT&R8-OJR_?P39FQ?F;&M[8V0&DQF=N=Q:HY

M#WNH=WI/&1:&8=
I;7&JQ

;V1
MS7:SB[$HVYDI6R)G4Y9MHL1(TQW$M.LE[V2+L?UO`%6
[AS=S`TH#S![V$+










M1)M0N'MG\YOI6AXFI+0*2HQ]#\$90+[`%#VH-@Q)^,]_CS+H:FB#&36VPA


M;TP.U?];6S38:TW%C*#HG

M]N#B_8?K\U/\\Q3IV7TA0TICVHD;5)^P;X.E*P1DY%U97#NV0KB15OX04[F`


ME9H;!Q
P
)3A
(DC^#EY*!JWRB14I@3^(/Y*P6P

`E8*I
MB5`
`J&-X%G#1:


T8&YM0=4Y?R#1S@9%UJ
4*7#&T+*Z%=GUY93^=#A'@<HX=5<Q=#:98Y+;.]

2L\9\F?L0E.F$.$&#
M!A-=J^WMS*^@]KNZ2DZFEF(!GQ&UJ:]X`7=J]&#KX+8G%D]_**\Y)$=0/]^

WP'=RJSXX7LJI&F0M8


M/;-$5Y$



@DFJ`;0.=(S99C^TVZUZTW!N'#
]Z[1+N_/W\BZN3;R6
M\?PK.^P\)E$QG#QFI[E3!H-ZWW#WT1VBB3NWH3*RO*M/M.J&-DL;X.29\L3S

5'ZO)T&.*%






M-0AVKGCW?7KO=B[

E6'Z'GS4(=T;PLIH[Y7WA!;]<7TJP6






-JN/?P#M98\&S2I52
MYL5R1A&:D9&79ME0)]GM0R0G9CF._0CVZC&_GZ;Y4PHL_7Y*HT?$`W:@#_
MI


V`:!\GVE5*`7JIE$($!E+BYTXT%W
7RV_0_LC'K`TC

M2F&!M6
3=?PQ\^?H+



+_K.93Y!
M]YSPBWE*





MGY8PP+*JT](%:K9G7RA
&%N
M5(:U0NC.(GS8##6SUW+XX`05^@MK26X/%S?UU0M<^$.O8<J`U8M2!N),,8N[
MK$P781+):
/HV/UEZP8ZLW#'-G1!-
:8:F9C:5Y8$%(;T?9:=?\F[.M718F

*8H5-


M33.8U=GG1VU%P&?\QVG$85$WJO)$VERNB
RJF&P&@YOP3PK+8__[$L-W:KHK
MCYB02VJ)%1BDG$=@RCP`U=649ON20G'J+
'/S&V%:;;G-OD%W?1XGS/)CH
S


MM=F+SH[?&U`_K7BO*N/;33]7L2M3#BKPR^5!QFBMY7Z:TU9-T#Q%553\/=.*
MQ3^I4I_J+\]VLZ`?2UT3USS)GQ.V9?)!3Q:Z^M^-?`_6C/W+9]K=[JNG994M

MU5I7?J3O2=^72LK6'DBY*
OL*VIKM/`)JSB\W(6V:I^^U+5&L[*+61D\.2N+







,9&&<KL.8OIMP]B+\&&W(_9'0]2P:(A\Z8I<I@?RB1.
MQR*DLYE=K(0;\+4%?/6B]80+])FUCL
Z=DLU]6
M`,,Q4K+@+/HQX3#T9<^7N&`7Q!3XH7@[$LKT<)J-UX]1Z&`@L%%?T$BP,?\S
M@G]_0#]0E,8%7Y!D/!:SF-TDYI[PV#!-TAC^;1KRT8B\-B]GXS831Q]$[&L
M

=X
M

?Q$QFT1Q

D1+
#UGR
$%:@1QE
M4GSX-A;ZT3H#



E'GCPNX1F80^AFX/

MX`G
J\OE&F,O\4\J!7FZ+MP4WQD^H[D8Y'+ZBT*ZR$35:)'6A14-A2`BW(V
MJV_=\('+K0S$B*I

M$



;`N+<Z+F2PG2`'
MN1C5TW-EH+6-9ZR^





M[261-YT-$NN(=7O:@=*R1@0C@A'!B&!$

@*QR$_)AR&

M/O@815T3\G:J!3-[\4LL)'[38W[(DI$`0(9*!AS_]IX'/'0%NQH)D=`^D/:!



M'7K:&U(RI&1(R6PNBY-=5$1=Y$MY`K+UBAPI(%)`I(`67Z
*EF3DD(XA'4-Y

L\?(4DRY2




8L4D4?ZNIWQ^]-$EC=\2E

M#(D2F7M1+@P0W]0R#

MZ6S*P+Z#-N1:.R'ZM5^VX:QR)T?=#@[%3B\[M:T
Z%*\8W(IX)O]FOL6;#


M+/


7`U@92G^ZU0MHZ(,I=)GCW3U
M3/-BGZ]^4=__YWF+\THO5QEU]DOCR4(


M984VYER%C7S!\$
P._3OQ8^$N+L
YGQ=#CXS;5A;1*X(@NR9GU\U7JG?Y82[






QYCK$E'Z36$A

M$%.
1JE\G
7SH9#P[L6Z9U\YW:Y52E/
8`;`9*I+DA7%HG
EJ@1^F'X5AJS2
M/:@D:4










B$Q3P1




M5@D

M&?I\X6?P

%[3L


)_MO)Q7`H
M7/7CEPAD&87DH2+(E@_9@$OI#WT`[3.QNS4==-Q&O`$_O`\A/TPB=@%CT,8
ML0($X3WK76G6'RD7#^$8FML5L2
L@ZP)!^;;V^'WO?;/\2T^X0LHH)O01


Z?ZF3EE3G%Q/?
=)5O
'*JN$;0O(S-7J






&[D=*@%6NEU`&M0Z4)(&
M-2?+3JLL[^PFXJP$[

M

M.M(*K)*.-=+@\5+2$.2AB0-:05624.:U)TSR8-21IR;0UIQRKH02MT7,G
MC7K/'HD=]IW+0JS]CPD'P2Q]OO!S80!'XJW(Z'DXS0;KQ\+Q
%@^Y+3V;%D
M)-@$GH@\R2:QD),A%=CPY69[MB]B`7S1+B
0S`8TG$;@0;P3!P8S+]S$

D?C^&YV.=!G3TYGS;-R7D:


UG`;/EP@3

W!QR?P$)L_E8\!E

MEP&VTT`!+AGYDFE8UU2KBKB
WX`M@`U73OC

MX#WA1D`\$/
[M`BSI=EIUAL
6@K@[V8&$RVBPA/P=0E\XTFN1Q!4B*58!*I/

0+0G021



G++3

GU!OY[[
MO

;#J5(U'CS]^*9?E:?R\A:Z-9LS+&G
M1^Q&4JE\R0-H`C=U2W3Z]KS=@0?`B&8S9]9JT2N0@%AA@PVZ&/;A=U$`$XAZ

M7*A_+WXXC.(Q#^8\GPX^



7J6)


A*8=T[MNM+*ZR]SSCD=J=1@UU)Z4*RA4KX'MV:('KMB%Z#
MFC/H$
&(8`=&
'MMI9G@WJ=R)`*YA06Z^I;(SABQK\`&#`K1I_CJA@/*87KG




V1HT_:;3+)]NMB`]
TQZ)L-'+BDC2S11B:+
M09

MO+(A=

MDJ!UE#7.










:_$]IVI_OW@+#]W#9=@3:1Q+Z[Q6G%$5H?*SPR^0T$


IUF^8*RA5;D


$@BI5[6;_6




M$?)VC[S=(
LZ^1!^K
+/R\P+ZZ1'Z+)XIY2UJ5RR=ENR+U@BR:(EYI)%NUNZ


`*
U@-YNU?%*B_=:*V`(9X!M$^()$1:A4B]IC=I5TB[0BMH

NUGODJ(A14.*AA1-N8F\
MR+NS-ETJ<F)6I@CS-(;BNSOBX:TP[XHGG5Q(ME#`=H&9V3FM4W#W/;)%D:4
M;;P0'];GPY[O4I=0'+F^=CC'LZOS
[(A/A&?*G5YO(03B
;NZ$8'$43&_9-Q

M
L*?B4E8([SZ(#SXS\GV)2[^
D191G2GN:KK:59=25;;N1AB0-21K2/@UY






MWF^@!
8],$DCKLC::(QT;1+?[)2UU-/Z,$BT6YA33`J@QOV=C(%CL\P`4
M%B:
?P+J)
`RVY&_!'F)2P!FO7PXW@(7XK4!^X'\%7:_`?WQTQ'H,1=:@
M*@(]Y@&/X:ON-$%3?CT$U


^@!?
#''X5
H#
@`GG/
M)W*V[HCO$Z7[5$]F_9Y[1ZIY!KL)1


39/X1:[V#T


M)R]6V?7$1$$9)A2(J#X(&/\K!2D
U7=0K4!G;H0(
RM%62_P)^21;B^GG#)M






XWU=G$2SWX4.-`=?K
M?X

2B9
'\(NP-:`P@+:A)6

#`


<L:B(\ET_VUB#&8-ZHY4BF$:P-9J.`5IQG=`I4PS/B1ZJ^^J





@42-H%J2L)0Z'4T\\L]UO/W

#/^'1KV_*[SAO(&FB&$K9:SSW9(ZCYM/`=9%

M3-NL:\5KU;.HE];2F_)KW
Q67?KY5:?Y^MF`FOF8G^Q%9]OWVCO^X&#7`]SR
MO7Y%^FGW/&R7B&#W!6VW#EPS7EY+6PMLIM.?-ETHAXHI^5B-NEV45+XEM!':




K95I+]LDP^%MQ-^#.''_

Z:]NO4/ZJZ3=\^IBB3OK



M$*JSTR1+!!V/IR6
:ZYI3GEMFF^]H2<-294



M
*F8*14SM8?OU44=%3.M'MIH#_9\\3ZV


M$V&2QH+*(5FLD(_N'(E`=




M5PD`DN[;(A*TNS.A50)#99].D&XCW4:ZK=J'KJ3;2+?9IMOL1AYIKRV\X83
M&MNE+0;:3?2;K9HMT%9A_/':IL53O)^3#@

M^B?K!OI49Q]QP


PW3(W22-850LFHA8

#_?^I==H)=7)#PAJ//

]_@9&_].MZ
:^SZ\
#]T'@)!,]'3CVPH)/9O

G3H/V]?E5GY]`-

9I$^1_TKD3]Y=[W

TEB;BEK
M[











M:2RN8?SO@\C]]H__^L__^/LSKWV)`M]]`(F&*+:O8OCSJ\MS3#GXS_:_K\]?
M








P6ZC(UZ]NKL


;*UFJ_=3I(^7?X&A3]1)^QMFYE`3WY/0YG*I




3
XWIEKK-&MGF_40IVU@D6WR*1=$G8:Q
M32E!YYOKK:;=)F;&$&



MR]



!N?ALZF(XG^V5V';9
M=Z!WPYDL0FZ::#@(U4.7G@G]TDBO%)-T@]P0!6$[`H


DI4
MFN`8!GXXD[3:H*`='F61O\QAY812&L(FZ5AEUICN6#R^B4=73





TT6#ENOQV^F

ME]&9F]O]=7:W\U9]63EKP=#?Q*I_+JGV_
:U/?EN8NL]Z+:;+]][8[J*%PVU
MY/5046

M1+AY6&I^/%WH9)WM$_&


MF7\':2I]Z#/;7==2*G`TO^?O3]M;AS'MD;AS]T1YS\@?KOXXJP52(U.RL[
MPFD[^^03-61GND^__7ZY`9.0Q2Z*5'.PT_WK[P9(3=9@#:`$4JO.Z2K+)BE@

.3RZ:L05=(X\S

THRY_RJN?KRZ=+?ESC)






FN:TC%$`RJJ3!%K/&RM37`QY+A<=5
M,_]R9^TT#H2PSX8D-:-HWN:[VX]-Z87=($9A4MLI`0VHH#5EH8%@`5@#P'8

.Q!6#+#%@XM@!LJ0`+QQ:`-1NP6SFV


M?H`?X`?X`7[




T`!H`#=BBTTWX`=``:
!):P``]`:`&T0`4&L%#PNI\[;;AX
MX
X?CU&8!JXL9BE+J3J.$/U^U79B?`HC00]FXKLSX
&CT+\A8S-+GJ;V3IIK
`Y

[/A8





M
$`#^`#9A+@!7BQODZ,MF*C52%$@9O6R[_8\SE(13BA$4\$2Q^YB-MBSU8


M4PNC%R@&BH%BH!@H!HJ!8J`8*`:*'7-]L6++B)_2-#F?CN#'CP*'!T[*AZ

-X

Y17&*9-.'7:;95\NO`\3[FM#%+8PZ*!B@ZCH

=`JMQMJXQ*SD$%CXH)-((K$(B]=FR56L?WYJE0!T4$@I9%JQ(1'/
MA%)*:&44


MN)]R^1LV%



_1

8^!S2$#8EO/*;'


.L2QU8AY/ZLD[1
M5'`N2





)

\I?9F:4OV:N


M\V:[I;K^+.;



MWJT5\&]GT:2
MMO0BZ-






;J?9_-N_S!2V

(^B_:9-K=E=EK+

?X:GI?6&W@XPT'`!!HT2=HX`D??L.6Q

M*S/LX/`!=G#X`+N*PFXKAP]A3X0]C[LV4?JUAW
O8'23+_?[_@@(`4('@AD
M^_V-/)ZF#HC)'\2_4^^)^_+4`6AH[DAGGBT9:`JKL_Z4T7U6OI*S9GR(N5]
M*.@+$8`(;`4!K9DU37F?T`)H`;0`6@`M@!9`S`Y@`A`!`VW2ZU:AI6R`W
MY45!`$`'


M(!%(-







M!8K!0]R6S@PEKS_'/3#:,@3+PQ8(IQ!0&]:W]HA1*C^Q(ZK5I#%U!
H4/1

+\`+\`*\`_@

M#Q%GR':VX;WPA1
.AVE`794GR5!J#)L5-MBL@+T*X`/X@$UMX`5X`5Z`%^`%


;B(VY!K_\-C

M]S\`6*@6)EHQB&+W`+W


MX`5X@8$A``A,%`%^#%KN9H-&LV`%@!`8*
`+\`(#Q1:$*/\V%'H,Q#9
M8^2RT]&I!

:8S@@$4@TPW!`(I!HAN&`1#1#,,!B4B&88#
M$H%$

M

+'G
-SKU&PP`HP`
M(S!2@!?@!48*
`*


5`
XQ?(

=8


MX$
:L0R&


M.5H]?25L0`@0HO2$P$`!7H`7&A`!``P5X`5YL.UT:ET0`H0`(3!0@!?@




MQR`$`%K.DG-N-C&==L(V(9%T@TPXA`(I!HAA&!1#1#
B4B&48$$H%$
M
XP()`*)9A@12`02S3`BD(C-^'L;[7
0IQ$/'$%M)*(.PGVXF/A!SL$L`*



MN$7:]N]!+)+$%RY+(A[$W$F\
(@O6`2;=IKCB7-U:(CIU#.QT=YSUN#8QG,
MCR6'(]`'!`'Q`%QQ]V479E-UUU]R7DJOW_ZR-3:PA
K+?'@[&(@

!PIN`1






5VOMI0#%'.'[N74^G-7/U&=BBS/^G/=\B0%GC7'O#:GA







<&<0T$L4XR'W03Y(:7+N
J^
MBIT-1=GP.AU)%X$YALS,K_8=EBYF'_8\.


MB_)5H#16





ORAX


M%!'(*=F^2

95-7+D_38'A2N[FRWIT*QPQ?!#1%!1V]X+9=6NQUN$N





M/G)?#J



'#[PA#9*D;_=*Z93IO*XQ:\N&QJGV5`=T`]U6FLNN]0[%-E.(<Q1_






3F/[VH370&FC-L;2F;NLLM&7ZVX?6'#]0K_FHW/X'
MOPYX.$[=M^2TECK$Y/!XD)^2HA_$OU/OB?M9VBON.-EED7`$_9H





;#Z4GQ:L?
M-$E5T[#R`YM9%R0)AX+1($&=(_:-$]?+KN3$S+\E:^E&;0:8W\/?!''V5G/
M9X\H*J7!O5`'0/1%Y$('$(XM4(:56(D&7AQGAM?'?7

M62)7=^@%7ISDZ0/%]Y$(8H3-CR%-I5
@VVKH&]Y-84G1HS@842PC#':'&TU+
MWTHV^`*^E'X$:37K^@+*56$$3ANLMNVO(GH4459`0$AFQ`D.'Y@D0=697]N-


'&&T4^.NP4ZZ

+:2R3-+8L





K@NO



Y\TI<.3
)(/
M]V(A$9*!44*

M#[TG5U!+AF1RU03UKH=RQZ_O_2'DFQP09H(PD3\D2Y#.)5TD*(-'E@;9_;[D

M79*8#D%/XO`YO23CZ9&F+&??!OR*;D!,MCFI2SA(G\B?M+[Y4O?2AX+-&K



L-(XB5XN2`*B
M/T0&:()F$`X]1VJWZZEVU-@_!B+8M+]*4^CFF%Y_-!X:)EU26!^\$!@&0OG)


2_'<H#.5U3AO)EVDNA*N$.(E^CL1WXG&&J&P.\VM3/*%




MO



H8'00&@*%IK6`:HYF_+J
M]Q4:Y-I*WG_A\K!#?
%4T_)-UH+'8A#Z*G2IZCFC
(7!$FWR#*-U:6NK50'L
M5#@I?0
UP
.DP]17:1KRM&G*W\3$

BH)L&NEGZZBN#;@4'
M.MOUTCN?J\_57
A\P)@D(]Y95K?5(-
9A[GC!&8VKS)PZ&&WVSO`3J^3*+(`


L9!R##L:;)Q]@!_@
M!T?+ZDL$'%7R#(AV/UW;!TSR'#%NA?)\6\*F@ZXS!W@MN4K`N[9VFL/%_U
MG4J@%^BU%;T:]4.$E*M+RS2;E

M+V/)6[;=)Z5)$:8LQ&OIUFN]XUNT%
C#E`(J61:L0B5UJF2SWJIUCV_14B!/









TT`?T'0-]JS9J8FJ'J=U1UA![


6]FDB^7%I`^X(J0
_



M+5`3U`0U3:2FI2^0?/+4/.WT009M.X1L+6=@^=2IU:K5#Z5/QGH8`\!C#IE
M1ATN\@P^@4^EJDU7R$*/MG5IT`UT,X%NQXTD62`4`5Z=LX91]NO;,JAIP





M^$+?VL(1P?7#P:VDWR@%G*T.D6%(Y=8QA0L%!W:@-!`:`T\Z'55E';)J`S

]GGAA
MP

6


WFP`@=SA._GUWPXJY^ISX1\9_QYR5NX]X9DU=_$
N]1J?U;DP]HI3/1[&X&O^P`(=ITV87B:94;]=$=Q@G4DUZ<-9


`?Z^SAAV):W9
ME11&@AX\%R`Q

*R0]9/L`S#.%1$6';L`M



4'


$B)$P`+T^)E^8PS](7I@7SP#PP;POF(3T7M@9I
MLM4X3W4DXB1*92B+VHE0.D+IFQRX1;X&K0
]Z%)ANB'%GAA$]*$N`!:\`:



6V.1)W`/W#LB]ZH5


N\P`F'*J`E8A8)1WA/TC`L[+.%


M0KECDCEI%`GZ$A['(HEKC%T3K60&-.[+FY\SU(^ORF`_XB]Z
6_5;%
A;]7J


M3097O5ZM:37K;;OU;NSOD4OF\U$LKL8_++SH:=MFE_(FKEQOSL5;[T?-/4$U



M&`ZO_#0`Y#*&7*48Z;L:LW95G5NG?:+
H+VSIZH[N]@J/\JMTKNLSYE[:.UI
M=%K:RS5NT
JDBS.G0;5E7C3(

MG]&[3(3)$0ZPS*6O:31K=N'@
H5617LN8!=.L
R2RVK5.B`7HBS'3`X%Z:ER

(+QA*B#(
N06D/JL*+S#A7COAIB$WD6L9
?
%J
(RX%0ZF39]7?OW4S!X+U0YDWA?#
5
_9*!*QBGLE
M]$?'YW'L]0D:*L5*V)_S284*CH5IQ!ZX+S.OL'@@!-W*8WGI0I=W6P)SQ/!!


M]X8$N-_$

M`69O+3`WSD*%80;#3*%L[AQW
U#QW#RGR2O=Y-/






P5B8B&U$[F]9F7Q





MZH9?1?0H0Z4$/?DQ33P2N


J*
MS%IR[))LL.N-9DEM0%UYIG]-&S]^P9



M-PG_0P3C%;;QB:87

*F0N1I
M



92ZNA_=3`:L.8`@6-
M$VG-A39V:=B




7;-:+)ZBO@^$D&\
M=^&4]=TOV+JNJMM1ZB[H$)+UWW!1:OL0X;4-*4?MB+E*D%49U=
@/8S4V#EM


CLDLEPV?K8EJA.R?.**..$%HV^=
M%*BC7\R4Z9N)4V9?\[+DUR/

4P4%9XH)CL(X]N0Z
RH;N2[5CNY_SU




M?6.W;.OVMMYJG?WEE;;


;S2SU]YM



3$V2$1=.W_NOU'V4[R)S8M+L&
.8A?'%

1#3*3;Y=CIB^^9R
=?R9J?%OR/1EN5$
4:N0;B^-Q



MR

A]^?VP%ORFLF#



MW

3;J]M':!2@2GD*MJ!`;E`KEERM=H:\VQ5G5R(J[S_
M:\0]5$\[ANB43ENLGL8V:;@'P$&
&)W1C2:M188@:GVIK;]E0=IGSM)EA`D
M3N6^9!1@-DJ$JC


M

(\J=D





M2]CODU3YOX1QS&YDID0B^3

J
MQGJ20Y]??_O[V&@_R@2&I$UI9DHW))+(?'XJ;2V?RVN75W;(
Z+-962E#ZY4



A=?ECZ/3PTHKXBR/I&#

M
Q_G_4ENY/%]6:N].'?5@JSQ+].$@/'D4IGD58R\O$X+-36(^YD_21[1T)-$
M?@Q#-\X2G49/RJ.BFZ8=D88(Q@GOU1=&HB^S7



MU^OK+QF'5;O].%R:/]17MN$JN[H[24Y-T'D@VX#26:+@#R;,5HD*;%=Y1C

^73S-]&ZU5*;WMGH074H-


O.:*5691+(].)
M1^&T=M?X11

5ZU:YKV5!:X4!E*






\@
3*:0QS)2!S4@A#=IM
MN'!Z

Y(:9Q_@IU3X


9U1D@WN5C:DTX
F+UB#B.!0S`'5U_B$






Q

MY!GAEL9E_UT-9PI/$3@`/8VBI]YT(:=.SY)D)GQ-S?'^0.D&'9VFL-4.DF9&
M

L



C;G9J%V088
M`4:
&=%%2`K3[RV
6T`64DP(



ME31'%N-PC(8%RZ$IF#N@4'CZ)SYF3I@JV0_0VX.KJM@*OCAUP.@L+#9A6\

MF1FB83^N

?M-/+.O

MM'5GC;AS
MK6.!FM-9^



MC.=LQ%]4+10E4V$:

+\BW'
K%8S-PTDNHE]4P'BY-!)`0;TA\&

IL72R@5-<T]^



MZ/NX'+@45[COOQ&CV=

M'Q=ASD(\Y.GC7[O(FT-]VJ!L;CG]O)X#XKLCA!2F9&%Z.5LE9$RH;'V27!%J





!'L;@:_[!@
M@^7AWTEDL+?TH


MF`#F08#96PO


M^19X
84@^VH


)9$
M_\P-&%SVP(,[[.3H+^&ZHSBG3RC6%YM+_R#H
LX^P#_!B%G_V&3^.L9QBZ


(2:A\&%G#=`']!W#/1E8_7&


UM$M*!AJB0;=?:D'(4(5DR!2T06CFYE4=






#C4+B(2`HJ!HQ2AJ<%`&!`:!06
L:`H

.IC.G
4,3L-_',OH9#'KQGJ^R[;(WAV7.30;:,\85YGFW^<7;+7.0
M1&U#RC4[567QSKGAH2Y[N3W:YFJ'[KQOMK5BWZR^(5






#$NO#!I;FO/



\'LNJ4M#?Q1<:?3;KKVJ0%
M:T(G8I3D

1./N:LXTZ


M!6Z!6Z;LL0#SP#PPK_*CV@'V0H!;X!:X!6YI#Y)4*Q;R-0]\..%0UC54VQ:8


MX]B+$UEZ1M8H&9].R.;U-


%:+*V4;-B:G76










5OL+FA3QCIB7U8E&=VE+]EX
M





M\BNY9.$YV9.NYX(75Y`4_6/=6P70]]Y'=&P6GGL!HYM\&8+\L;P(
FN:L[]:

M'\LHCM0OF\66






`/TJQ#50VQ4@\




.B5HO+!Z%01S*78QK

M(3
OMYM\L\D+7LD:X*K8\XE)@O!%/Y
/I

WN)H/IO&@7M0&*!K5M)'^!1Z]Z/S]X-F

J+$H#?*-]N$#-7=2PE[^2=$UI^=#&!%IB;MJF!/#?,@UDH9J
M$S=X!X6SD-R:9_)!90

XWNCRGT^3DCQSQ^
N4;O+_L\-!

;




?131Q`_?4#2[

T)RR.EWX6E3KGU_Z@@NG7&K2
O82Y3N5Y#YB1
/


@RSC[`SX;XZ1Q!N:!3)X
S

[.(?K6.$1O
MKP_1@QB8V.DGQJUPQ/!!1
SN7C[;I7XZ+C)QXJ!PK4HO!Y%GL_L'KMD4T#V
M%`;Y04DA%!7

M.0%?L
_A%^?


M5Q+^NTSE1K]STSB)7B:9%3Z1H;3-K\PQO5E`+I'AUHTJ.K*77K;KK5;/MME/


M`7RH`!\P/H`/X`/X`#Y@'KJ1A7YWDE`=BZY;W4(#2P8%6`NM(G?]*_MM'%2:


[U29_PYM\4K

M
8I$+.@I
K4#'X9ID


MQ)0K1KF[&@83KY;1)0JR#SRFIHXB;\@CZJ.\)G-4QTG


MJ=X/1!Y[7.Q)RQ
O-#6L6;.

MZYWZ=



0:ZA




M\J9UU^FT&Y^LCU;C]N;ZMGU[]]&ZOK%;MEUO7S=;9W]YA?MU(8U5\#:$-LLG


.DPS1[H6_V6;*-KGE13Y)1

#..SP_^44AV2U[DWQ.Z]8YX
M-E(WJ&LG'L

8_'-C7J@@:*+X



MZI_L\7Q)F?*C-'

_D+.4_C
M(^DK1=('6M$0M8-2[&_\?

MZ

#]%HG2OY5\05GLJ1:R

Q6DO@+D3
$OO
M!YKHV)PZJ


MK69;7PYO4][DJMDF5``J`!58I@(MJ]:#D`%H\W&52LN4CL?4P]7S8M+FP6
M8Y`AS8)EB0Q7[+S'KE\VM4U\#+*:<7;--=^:SE(IQ&W'3I=QBZ[;;&LHNK
MS&**FA?M28!<(-<LN6A.KFU5%.0N;#.L

]

M7(@YO[\)AZ.4?XVX)'[/*X5%8?]1'[`Q!AYUTLU+A$Y!E1M@UPTM2WM&R*
MHB+(!D+L3H@6`%(.JLRYJJCA;F40@V'\KOM;#'V20'H#HAL78'$;$JA*X
M90W-.[U`+?`+42;5T:;9PI*9$4X'R

MA..I2K:8&E8UO%LRUQL`.N%HW;G=J6M


MOHW\V^2MYBYQ:RM+\J9MWT3M.AL78
IXJ^M1E&[)+:Q:F0A^@M5+(L6(5*


'




K^'&S-$




H!;&O=Z@%O@%J+-*Z/-09Q$J2-+PS(O8*
H?(Q$C&0JIQ!G+D
M*0#H
MA*M66CU+HX_]AG5


FR8!4J


&$C`



3L-_'

M083(`9HS5/UQMC*R^E97.&&D+'8ER9)]U]_^?OWU_N[K+_]D7^^^_?V7^V_L
M]T_L]R]W7Z_O/__^VS=V_O??KO]^^_G^[G8Q.K5E&Q=:I1K`UJ)N0U/^*XT3
MK_]R*%[





P],6*D\N[%MY_YM(F!<XX5#H0@V$I\K1YGI+W[XX4SA0]!@-1E29

1R02:83@@$4@TPW!`(I!HAN&`Q%-&

HM`:Z`U
MT)K:]7UFM`::`VT!EI3]!$L*38:SYP8__KW%9N2;$!39?227%U3[79K1[R
M]8
18

*X%9'8]`%W`*W


MC

B$E]06B-
MA

<__3R^Y:MP?$YR

MBOZ'LT^WTJ?Z6_.?][=GS'/I%^2739;W99U^[%STVJUFNVV?=WK-JSK&[ME
M=QIU^Y-U]I=7*%TG3:L`NHESGZN?U2[8F9_SY=6+DS10,S#F#'CP*:^.9_:

MWZ?Q)F9AP(+)?@[Y*#X

BVN0-+P07U%
\

MYR&





0$P`RWSZ2Y





MNXT8!8`?X`?X`7Z`'^#'4/L`/\`/\`/\E&#V.J0F^\*DT


M
HO&%)657UX!M4M[2*;O8-!Z[1]=#`/S)M;8].VI(!!#=0M6:HI7'&#&Z!
M6^#6C

3/%ADJF`*J`*
MJ`*JRF`JH`JH`JJ`JC*8J@JDS(+&]0S*K(^
3_/=1%)%PWB#[F1OS*UFM
MB*,;SAAC`7%`'!`'Q`%QYA@.B`/B@+A2&,X88P%QIXXDBRB%SG/_R4_#15Y
M
360N6DD_Y






M[3'T:H7*[\.$^RQ
Z`IJQ7`4B8$(8N])

T:D


MS^QK..0+DC?DT:


0A]-WO.ETBXPA%Q'$8[S,O`2KR`%86D$7F#5N5P3[`#_`#_``_


'
2:-(!

MX.GA!]/##);&V0?X`7Z`'^`'^#'3/L`/\`/\`#_`CYGV`7Z`'^`'^`%^S+0/
M\*

OIF8P-XWD











(^+*A.5H-#`@!`@Q,P-!
MP18,(.#+IN9HVBPD*`$#-3\I:^$!88`4:4GA'G31M!7;A4X,N&YF@W:G4,
M(//]Q!FGC5=@7]?@BKDO8EUX,LBDY56DB4(;-5Z!X/6:0_Y8!Z8-W
?LM[J


M9Y!ERZM;U=F*HC$#


M#08U
`_
V]1.&JNO57Y0*^DY[?D6%%^/^Y?E.P&\(!&1B!
FOH]$$`M=L(-N




O


/G(^NODX2XSD\\<+@]S3YO7_M..DP]7DB



3L-_'
OH9#OEJX


M(=
1OI]?\^&L?J8^TYCCC#]OKVC/GIL

]'L;@:

MTQ.;/;/#S'?:W



P4[1_&KCR]CXPTWW36;


MM(

MA_V59M6C6FFX^7L@9

2/EK_\G?&1?HM!-56X3%HM'25@V



MG^@W]!)ZN5HOLP
%XH#
(%]R*M`EU2:[UBZQ-C5J5J':I`ZFC-4I$M[P(8UB




J.`DE=!+F)U6QB!3Q^T)HR7$Y'E*[



S=]Y$(

J(\+



(4O&5
M9.0Q\*2.9!=M4]?NSKK^:%U;7;MAM[N-=L.J=SYFOE_CNOWI[OH4?#]E139C
MQE-U^+*PH+3?^1/RBYY5##?'9;OL4Y'84.G4^`CU[D'
E)8VJAC!W1U/%Y



M%[
'+IUC

MPIR&?'


QC3KDU2!1.W#3VH%-



M5;-T==R4-[G*CX$*0`6@`LM4P+9K/:B`!I?*H#3

S]:

M(J$VZP*30?8T3H-/






MTF&JCLNJJ)9
D1V)`7F9WI/XK
JD_Q+&VV?/ZMY^LNM-^Z9MWWYL-=K6Q]MV
M.T_%U^MTF\5GSWI%M


M8E9CS^QB[69)LF_U2M).].^8_2O)3I-R33]@G\W3VA21I



M:4?
QD(/(8(008AVLP;)D+:9N?&O?M5L#D)3):'98A4&


M3$%^T;






G[-
VK:6'C//G?.%








M6KG
V@V[:]D:TYGU]LQFUNF4)(M6MR3M-#N;V6FGNZB


JR[:(LVTK0SA).2
WU(%M'

)8








MWVBA2D*)QT!@48'5+&P&&*&8$A%8`H26HFHE*1XFR=!D!ZE^5)FY8/91




M0'O!`J%M50#B/9


MG:
G^R?4WHYYJH$F^%P1*-DD,2_][.PQCW_+DMS!K'X*`+1]Y(=DFS6/W4Z
MW5;7ZMGVQ_K'6^NZGB79;-S6.W:W\2;AXG]


MD#`44./#CXD#,6(8!IGS3@V;Q1-D3#4.0=!EG&V0?X
0H_2!AZFN@Z^9D2
M$H:G*:2$TXK$H8@&8!$`E#3Q6&)8K`(6'H22+4/`PB)RC09P3ZD/\34SN3
_N3]MX0GXI@4S$!





AC.&&

M;3$'A)\!/@B6V$^2?V`8&`:&@6%@V%XQBJH=\M*;^QW:4^$#I
U&K:T+**;@
MO^A1&H2H















M3'6BL

MCR(Q]-*AF@W_8/5JG?'[8CQPV0^V-?

45L.I,-YHZE:WRTPV0^0N4SR)T[/;?CDASR1JP(13\2B]Z.

I?



M3


M1%V$)L:A7^N3@2F5=H4;@MZZJVM:/84Q*A21$58K(BX3[M3+\JK6V*X4N`(
M@2$H&!2L-`K6Z]@'+&%=AQI#

:A%?;9D
VHSE9BVA4T
%`1[N+Y)8(R&QA
MPVO'B5+A

TY^NA1A&7..P)=B@&^V

S6

EYE@9AGV[BT`7)N-;V/!N./+#%R'8
M@PA$WTLPWS[V[*(40[FM



M:1.?4T@?!2Z!2RNXU-9XK.4DN(3Y_-JRC7Z:E6+F

M/LK+5R==G#D-JBWSHD&6-4[P-\]Y?$`CEL%PQA@+B#L%Q.'\0O+^2R1S4O


.06T#JLZKP`A/NM1-N&G(3N981
M


$AT2@7Z;IERG@
DJBS%&A
M7J_6/)AE3

MO#!]GGF=A0_4.'5%MIDYWV*CMC3+Z_LTU1*2*3Q)X_PA\?0Q\I8WSL?H

_
M
^946TYUU#

'54;?EPUFF^



MY








^%K:H[W!THWZ.@TA:UV
MD#0SDLD9;2O@K@J4\+@Z#P6#EJ9^JM7.V]%7[%M\DG[;\YOH'-\::*SR&-
M6`;#&6

M@;S=J5F8;8`18






M]



MC#T6$G(6.DV:F2$:]N


1L]_$
_L:#GGPGJVR[[)YX+/G)H

M=7YN@)/'T7=`6W?6B#LGHVV-D]%:\\EH]0WZL@%[F6XU4;N[\71RV_U`S-?+

MDQ9LMD/;)E]O=]5W+89P=WBHZH+.UDUQ
C:)CJ=?L$C$(^$DWI/P7VI[CS;0


KX@WW(L$XO%S$TCJ5Y2SW2P
M.!E$0K`A_6$02V6D[YV*FD:U4**FJ]%]DISY-G\3HR1O=%MCHY]%I*?%/S1D
M19()KNERGUZI4:/%#W:')F1%-/'52



3G)[




M



M?
ZO^U6]LC/FN?1MY



%SB\/


/TK


[Y8?+'[^$D?2$D;D*

M#+[2U

J[&

'EY
6L`)HTS'@01@@A!

MJOO^&LF$$I.Y*ZAGKC29`AEM=4V+ZW
!!4CM;JVGN^-;51$UY?4C*PPT`AJQ


M6OU@X*JVI(%[X-X6=FK4K
*190J'B@Y+@EJ@UMS^`*NKSR''L`;N@7N;#VO%

M@(@3%O%$8%__

M@!?@!7@!7H`7X$6A@3Z#`NQ%VO93&`EZ
!/?G0$/'@L(`AIDR/+*T5LYQ*NS



MH






9Y3!2HN\#L:*-6/%_;/P:7K[*_UQ
@`.HRVP*#Y&,1H]!AM`7H3@!T&&U/H/EB95B*`8BC43D
MEN,T`O<(W!]W=VZUU]3.O8#13;X7!C&.LI4%7X`0(`2)@M^PG391WGYE9?0

MT!_@!_@!?C!^`3]EQ`_T!_@!?H`?C%\[!V0?N//'8Q2F@2M+#X31U7\[CA#]



\76EF_4

N5

ZOBV^I@`?PP?XL


MFUW$8MX(I!?QDB)TFK$HVH7=IUAUQDH!HJ!8J`8*`:*@6*@&@&BH%BH!@H
M!HI5C&+G]@'2DYQ&#!?
`_
PN&%P`\5`
5`








ML([Z3K+KI`L#B77;-;VAD)_NR?A!!&K'D^X@;[9FO407SKJ)?@ZH75%IMLOZ



.]D!ONV8J-

M;QR._4A5S9;72)6R9SIGL8\-O'NRUP
5Z_E/4P%`[DNQ
U-.]UGT*/H8.D]T


D7,*!%\Q$^:H[!\1IB8QP@\2?OK5$^V#Q)W.]=2[?=@-K<G4;<FFMB'A

M)O;!(5=H^6F.O&R0I9U]@!^M\`
MO_U$%U[`(/2'Z
M*$_@'+WD!I?QB\]XHV(?0'T.5&?!#ZP[M=_O:!T%\*?J?1






M%8F4;K$
':/H0?C.$PU6S.3!@-%?W8`ND*OLC/?[5#*5-16OJRZ;3\
A
?XJ

ZI1.-%1KM<^#+G_
M@^+Z(_F_&=_


(5]UG3C



M=/&(M(
7^
&
M/_7&*AA2X5[@-B@2%`F*!$6(E_;)]6L&OF;LQPVY4BUTIMK&'BQ7A):R`F

?QT(ZUZF[[--F9SS89)^

:TB/CK
`!E%&O:A5OB`3

\7U&X6V

RSM
:3!DMPE2?

VJV]9[2W$&2L-1\`QH`5K*H?5Y
M_JJUQ504^!Y.J=XI(42_7=*CN=5EFH37WM
WS(J$7E'7*\=O]@J26H!+=$0M
MN$3'7E'$)0CF$


M&/7V$











:8R]_NN$

WZXR8.!9`CY!Y\[C
A$


D9$'3@*Q
GT


P+FE\G\PXN8!0!R5P@2PBUI@\4).VE[,)FV!/`O


MR/\

M6[0Z2):

.!C
4'!O^#<2F<
K



2W*EL-VZ[6LO?F'L16D+.3UZ](.?W

@$WKWW@!]
M$7@%O`)C!+P!WH`Q`EX!K\`8H:
&5='G*]+7TL9D*B93$^24_@I&65@+C@7'
MRD7(&VN#\#IX74YOH!C6X&!P




'HH%H(!J80P
+DDJA6$$U[).H



MW5:T/H$?18+'I4NF-R9V
B)0&H$]0)ZBP$=;8SS-FP!+L'8$.Q:''=/8





/[0=Q[0:A/QX*

!LUWFC7WV

N):PV!(Z-JSNA`TF

1MMX]9+)C=ZU!5#SCKA6U


H]:V!_(4:I3?G*)NNZ\??D@US/'W)G89`UY#6S@F
X


M9B/5\8M;5-;8-!'5Y;32:;_[/WO?VMRXK67[^:0J_P'E.SVW3Y6M%JFW^U$E
M67;2=]*/V
JD\FD*)B&+$XK4(4B[?7[]!4C)DBQ+U@

G75K[QVNFS[ZU8^(I&KEB#\:W=W&EF\2OZ
MS*U'73F



&


JM5

M8*[264C^Q-6%@[E


M[?7
9BTI_U6[O+RH]@M=_JM+@B7K$'](0OI#W+

M#@^22M=?_+@


`



8H:FFK\)'`0'P4%P$!Q4R,&Q%FD:;6;
#Z7N.!TBS.MR3./


MJR#.'J

65F$SG$

M5QB_$(@)8AX3
?6A7AVS43`/S
ME'=@!\Q`)I


$#UH`U&K$&O``O


@7J6:ND



CL)3
M!2`FB*D]

OY


CD6$DDUN1V\189#*U
M%AGZ`?&C@-CB;4]\[^D+S..R3M[$I1XG5#2E\LNR:AX_WU*=-CWT





M=G*=OQA5%FJ+V=O\=FLGVH%N

M^943QK$+F[E#!'S'CEBKC6V(6`W7]DAKG7O;Q*+:5^N=MI*PQ\+#1H9+M\

M2


'!;0P!H]GL814D/'HY[E4)?0




5)%]@H*Y29WC.GD*V\I:X6@BX=*=L=DJP<(@`1.H1J*+^)#0`&G#4
M&I!`H&T:IC(
Z-*?T`)H`;1@MT6!LMI[NG0D1``B`!'8:5&`*F;0`&C`
6M`
M'?

M=\?4!V1L9\GCU-ZGVWVMQKI2(^Z0O:L0DY6UQM&%9&G/8D`Q4&S)+ZBNI!RH
M!6J!6AB]0#%0#*
7J`5J%9A:&+U`

M*L^.-((^$/0!BJ5*L5:U4@6WPUP\
7*'8L%/
#FP4S2QB3'X3[KF.3_U.-



MIBSY\-8FS-AB*3CJ:I569E8K!(C2GHM!OB!?D]U^PP-R!?D_*5/_(@7UKX
MNJ!B4#&H&%0LPY




,B+PU3-O.*Y&TX;8P%Q0!P0!\0!<?H8#H@#XHX0AA.&V

M`7'Z&`Z(R\S!N62H9K7H?LP+?SSV;2=\%/?@A0&U0L0'IL#+UVHY[6.K7$LR
M&6UU.0IUX8)LAP0W(
1^A.A4ZB`$`%+)E#:1XU\`*\*#PO:BT
%`$#&?
M.34J!@@!0H`0TW8-#!#@`_B`E01X`5YLKA.CK-AH60B18M!Z\3=[/GLAQ@/
M24!#1O@#G2C;[,'NK`(%4FK$L@W9:XVC[O2'LM!

M]L




JC@-G?



G#'CYM[
M(-?^F*Y7[H7FKN.QLQ&+!PK#K+YYGVJGMAT)(B-)HPQ'CMA;#@B(




<Q%I_97D='DW66%Q8[/V&V5!C$B:Q[D82X2XNM,MB`*0`*0Z`[F?Y`UY\
MCE=DPZ8`^8V8.Y7_XY\#WP[LB3L`#J`+@/0[;0+@5UE3



MZ;K`EEA4KQ?=U=6U_A4YW)%!1@=GX#\\SK
UB_

MM.=2($2)9%-3CP`KP`+\`+\**$O

'II

MW?F@5U/[%@%%:4^PH%_0+^B7LL

M9:=?;5-E04/HU[(7
8T*

ENB69_;C+-3J4^GA%))M)?-




MZ%H:3CWM$RRE=
!NU7JE*(ID-A3FWMK78+I`1[9#VCL(F1YHA)#M8BWCM&&T

0



/4`O46FCWMEII9@:M.4S2
+HZD2AV#&J@%:J4RJ*D[@(-!#<P#\[:T4T=A<&+9![7#





0?V--9DKUU%Y`T<9+KUG)`



4F@WGNH1$C&D@V@LQL=S(9C$#Q11
4)43



M$]COM2KW6:KR9+7:$7+AT
MPMGY[(\5`[P\ECS)3.?%(

.TVE8



2'Q#A+OI#BF*=FM8F,D)I,YJ24$FHI)8JV:HK#$Z!





/_F8!)Y^E*'CQA%^\*QJ(B?]GSXYX&#R2[\SC\HTK82AE









=2QPO?I=/F.4

-7`/$(UN)[QG\?<G:5G(9_%144++:2JE)?H[@&I
SG(K\6C@+&

)RA::

MP4B(R-)/!N*^HB`0+]Q'PJT1LR




M54'PF


M?#IB\FE);)]O2?]-5GAI?-C6
@O775'*^!KB3L4CQJ\7?]CS@S%UE]P0QI*Z



Z`YTI@
[LX-&FFB0J:I
.$A9`@RE+\







M&[_SX-CAZ+Q3K[3
9J-I-M[

M


M/.F2N1`-`FJ%$77)@`5C\O8O1@

O)9X
SQN&.1_Z9N

M@$NKP0C@`K@`+H`+PR+`I;-]GFZWE5YRVOV@E.GZ9VZ[MXY'1'/7\;WM75%(
]+&H=D3/SG#;LS[/P-HT
M4CBLLV(:%M$NZ!;DU&B64FPHJCL*\!KF(&.0

4


M7?X:6;186ES.0.@LLYKIPK:T9S6@&$(


F=VK\22@+
29?





S*^6T(E'A<=&80_\HI<1GG


J$G/6)?G4?$W6933&%3/EC
2[0'V(VZ+&A([1M




@







3VJ5Y?


$C`





#?/_V;NVYL2-

8PD)'-K0H;,YFJS5CYTSE*25#8^N
D(@NGIGSZT^W
M``

M*6`AKY%1QBCL8XD*%C$C6R+O0V8UC-RL6UW4D0N`#%`;\YZ8[(N?5`%]E
MO.*U+_AWS7T\@4]N89,*QQ%*0MM-)9%@@@`@)([V.5L
R@0J@0@I4R&MF
NL%

ME-#JY5AB@Y_BB%U8F









M_-\L2?WAC[+
AH55K9!0OBH_9$;



JI]E56`\^3:S;8H39$%!45;


MK6D`7``7P%4`NP-Z=H`%\!5+@

M/^Q'(XQ=1K1YBYB.9HG+BY




MZ`)L`5O`UH*WJNOB^OT7``7P+40'&TY30O@*C)5*]`$`:Z(-2\R^;MX-T+


M
O6'/AUTDH2F2:?_;^;'[%
X^
/WKOW`3WV:L.^R$1TLGYOI1



H&[^GHVL:

M)N0#_48^1R-O
'(TN
MOC/E[W@/$N8A&B<\--&X<T?_MWL@F<_WM+H)O;&MYQ7.C'UDNUT9T$3.IKC

M+2%1%G/Y)%'@#[R4

O;N(Q:;-S



9JE'6?R[QX


M=@0

M7W$

%V0#LJF@







M5E?KL/3\U6_1(+(?
FBD8.JHPSNZXNZYB






:)A^IN.(/=CPYETXY!G\//9U
M]F/ZY?TYV+


MLI^S+[



)N269$#N=126%``.EN@SLHE7$5V&1A^0.QQ[#([M&6!=D([R_9B
MZ#C-U9
8;?*
S)25;.S(@VT'VXZ





MP








M[H#;)02V+0;;091=!_2P\C'9TYV%-;9]4GQ/*J82+7&MAM;2BS+==I&:+`K$




M/?5Q%'0#!=;MF]@]A:.
Y&B\!B#8&:[??H78!::X$A0-
I:NKNL4YH!]Z`

SEHN:781WP)'@2'#D
MYG%TX@)MH
ABPW25T*
F[:=.($H2
HRC


/%\+P%XD#$)6``6$OEA
MQY(W*;ZE`)_2.Q76


M@^6YD\VFA+(B9@


M57U



M+(OX$AP)#AR4WQ9%SG%!ARYI:G^//687-;^?N'OA?L*_)`^


AC1


MOX=#7XT#[9X*C


M5B

)B6RL9TP.RA)(GB/6P6F5%9?%`%J#RF


[&W+8%!`


6.7)%Z`1)Z#S`208V#
MQD'CH'%UUKC3HQ;]5M4M$]2GJX(CI8NV*$LN45R?TB$VFAW6^HRK^DREN(^

Y:D\4&``N/IN%JJ2


%3?_
M]QK]P0B@`J@`*J6@

(%-_



MR$A+/HK+7SL1/=Y*GO2.SP)N.?(8!3
]FYE3GP3T;_G%:_BX.BT*UV8#YQG3

M




M1``12T1T#
P1B`@?(%PD_]:5?&KD'!MPCI7-W\`6L)4_WCQ4F((-V`*V@*TE


'(`WF//)`J9=GO%C79(`TD*!(48JL
M/$4:_6%S4+X\*Z%WX$AP9%5T%1RID
'?7!D99842^%'?=*H0E9(SPN]*EU6

5G&

EQ:Z@XS`Z`2]WA8JB+Z5P&7!#/GON;OCD\
E7






&ZG.Z``J!*6#KG-AJ#;&D`G`!7(5$
M?=O-(;!5I)E=,VOZK1_,_,




6G][Q8G8]K#!MOFU[9:A?L3%!.*N9]B
MCG8JIK(%C$M7S

U
M6Y/DL8O383S;(E:2VD]KR\_+QPQF47H:(S%@Z$&+X0
$M*0(751;V:ZCXOJL
M?GM0IS%L#9H]55W792RWQ5O``^`!\
!&'A@

M:FRT1]JDW'WMAM%M(^6?
D8'O`O57AU%8.`KP`+P07SYH?^=(5J]9)=XQ&
MC^A969X$78``MQ68.`$3`Z



M9M




&;:.MW9^[1MERSNNJF6_/RB]4)^)I6PLL^I+)[HUG6'J9-Q7/K


T

MZ


.?




MW`SJ]%4W_(X`._0'^@/]*4M_L/P'[0([07^@/UIG^ZM^[N.=A_K7)'S4@+D*




%$:B`0@`




MP&=^(%;-(U\^]NWG=[\WE9'K7W^
PU?WICE[?6--N!V[_//XAM]/J2U?Y8NI
MBQ^]L1]




`O\!\?._1**;Q_
P/'C

M?XJ9Q/+O/1*@K68P_S)JMAE=Y6ZBFZ-&DYIMY3@LF3I#3F9G(N;5T782U4PA


+RY\Z9'^ECY@%CO!^V-2WN=N4*K/`C.EY
5WY
MX)

/)F]9$$FZDH10'2K3P)#]DL
4/

HQI9




M3^=G]!16LZJTTBB

M



MQ%4ULJU4%J*`;76:;56[U8LDQXFRV@HJEAS2E4:G4(B[*KKY20?K&F5JD1
M=AA@





\

MB0[*5BWY03[[Y\@O0==VDUGQ.?13.GL#=5.O;H
2U$U'Y7K+%CO9H&9@M?
I
MWCNH&]3M?.KV?E]QPNLZ5
V)K%B=\BSUABTDPX!9W'L0^L=<`?97

%R^G[-


M:C65&Z.7'3P`7.H

Z2T[#G6P*Y


MF)H01LP/V-0


M@$Y?M=4Y`^N*7J'11R(_4`0H8J.9

:

MGS


M#EQW
U0IBB[\6K3G!4#4&!!==25:@0?@H?)X4%BR&'@`'BJ/!Q0EQEY&P.40

M+F`+V


T-GHYQM[L6G1@







M

MR&=3\QO/O9H&S`GI]U`^PPQ#'H:


I.-%6*QB&_\*0^2/MCTJ

M!^:



+=

MZD_:1':$(W3VEJZ^F=+L.W:X:[
OY/N(*][**QY%[ZVF;
L'
YBZ\@^?E#;Y



M/A.;.#;HQN-([D87#.C%V*P!\G)J[]/??JO,%&D;`0!+VZN?DHC+U$D-+$


MU9=




M+9KX]\F4L)C83

WTY90G2
MY&
D+?C
&=CR;K*.!=%/?7H5S=UD.#\O)'L=
M3<<,9WO0'#&ZRB6I*'E@,FQVPBF*W?''#11[<VH?S)A`/E;IM#-Z']B+*XP
M`-OQ
^VR33^_Z+9^.'-/[W1./:^HV\\










MV\X5)^2



'U4QK/RXEFLO

V:I`LA*H:7GQ4)8GSHIZB^)






M@[MH/
HU[]1$E&O&]*#;](#:(BC7K


M=NE+US)(H$?U\M&&!7L]56+0A;?$??7:*P@XG`\.*(`(.)0.AXJD-.VAEC3`

MMG+QA;P`3`!3H1S5;38$
`'
Z@.S(J$JP!:P!6PQGP*8`:`6!J'_8[/RB1



?#@6'19Y#-(3TDDO7;?3%[9`\+GZ%Y3:2Q64]2



'EUY-[N!2WA6!I'8J!_GL





M.UEL]88NCE!D1RC6BZ?#^]&/Y8XR-/3=N7W5;HSZ+76)U?85WT&D5HG]WHA5


MN?RTXV.Z;W=6EMCV6?$]JYB52(G;:[0Z1E&FVR%2TT6!Q'TXH'+Q?%8)=Z$:






M_I+Q[S/NA1RI![0*0-=FDP8.1L/+!\*`
*T0A@T;2#V@TQ;PK

MY

@+=SKL0C


M\F


^<A\)]L6(=74?;V

DLO&ZW-_Y_KE



MD

M4Z



37.:2YQS5G(7V=_K'5^LZ&QG(



RN*#*D#E)67A*UT^



M
J_I


K#J]7J






4OT1H$C0)FJP#
M3;9&W:(6&D&3*F(9Y5/DA,O'&&([I=YT5D=E]2M`+E535;0*^@5]`IZ50E9

.1-.$`<[;:ZDP&Z

@6]@EZ5*NDX3XD#;?<P
_#B/'O

MNR*1OA3A(R`
`/@#`@[&(0AOW]2

M/`^7MKH]7X`+X%)SN!A&LZ]*4731_%*


M2

:!/V7\7[$3/;(ICR:^

$7


M[F[XY/#)5Z?XXI
F7@:9`7E`W@%R.@?P=
&0N`_'V`MLT&K^#AS7:%2')!

ZO@
ME7/^0W7PL9$J!JEB]$L5TVKVRI=F);0.44@P9%5T%0RITCGM%95Q_QAY'N36
<8#

I;GPV*!00`ZKY/








MX5RV.Q_X6NI^:V


;C3/?-ZQ(.^O9OXJ4`R@R
U'8D%V'(8_81V\LJ`<'R\I)L[UJ<JS;#@7(L@KR@WY!


I;@`0U-
MXDM)]U=

M=!4.\#
;G^OD(/?[AL):J






2&+N`HFRE$G?K

MX_6YOW

PO2V'8-39*Z(!)XEN.W4/C\/IXK9?G`?N



+E


MV^`$LZ@8JK_T^ZUFCTV3#JEXHF1$)4WK=4;-EM*FT7B9Q
VQ%XG1LKCS('EO


M:(]D

N
M4C*^8S]@XS@@90U(2^G35!HL+YOKHCO4%MC%JRO35W?=_Q2V0(Y[+2ZV[FYU
MO')O6IL7Y5







'.Y[F-_*M.@*F+TTZ_^/?L2^'9L19M226*Q[E@J7F:G*W=[








MN6-'DV3_^K.ZN@JG_2\^;



M_+EXPJ-L1

M&M+@A



MZ!Q*C$#ISJYTMWZT/\$IL

MJRUN2\!M;O$P]`
@\?Q3Y7FF0NWD`_V!_D!_H#_0'SWE`_U1;49JM.NU2+_N


*:`%:`%:F+T`
4`
MLY=NT+KL$Z[ROL4)A!L^B_CTCOSL=E_M*03PT#

M-$.OJ+*[F]*.5T&+BC:PP%_@+_7LL,0[7.63:B%H&_P%_@KXKPE]HC%N`O

ERP1A


,PM44%S+*!(;20S)PX[EF/
M+`I


U6;1;-106HM4(J

M:L%K103UM$^P5-`!NW7IU:(H4KNG
/?6L0+3177$?4A[!R+30QM!9(=(RVCT
MC&%S5+K

MX+&S.9?]=ALV&9+8%[!N\HY;Z;+)#GL48^RA+B]+I`HVD((&H
,7Q7V`



M38I;J%(.R+V/U0-Y0-XA@:1F%Y
:H`5H%3*IJ3N`@TD-R`/R]I332.'FQ+I/

@#&+*`_:0EKYH-E1'E






M8U+G@-I(1!


MWW3
@QIR')4\*IH$G+

TY^[3











HI3'5W\?`\/9I3EP05:[OMX-B=Q[$K9F]W%?;1

!@8K#(
UNVU%-:?`(.MFK';3Y1L^ONO

M/W%F



M6#55/HJS*3OIS/#+W&'\N+Q']EQKWFOK/=.A[VTN]52)`HG#%QE!==6Q9Y

M@







MS0+?CBUJJR`VXK!OXAN+AR$]RO'DY7



M'0=BQA7Z:
5!(.;61S).=V_[THDL/GLDU5GT]`A$/SD/RZY$SW[G!
R`O2.E



M?O.\

M)K:23XU4SP@\J39%*0@SO*3*03];W
ZB(*&X/_F8M&]*B$J8=+PR%XH1VOKR


C

M

_D(%AJ2LTOCQ\HE&5`==;DKWI



M`3-


*ZN/



M?NO.-0?XG6`B39BHU^@/1LWU'!Y@(C!1=9E(%VT#U^3O&Y+5
U28G5+WT3^5

RAON(.X?X2^*'
B3MV(H13=&*O
MVE1HZ_0


MHEA$:&P.=[J&NI5LX`5XJ?P
TNNVU`64ZX((G#9XMC!.P%V9TMK:6)(3_C7\




3/@K-?Z(7T+



M

*ICIONRKUP_




F&RME5TCRV
M'3)K`F%RK-BV0FK2*`O)+0C)R[(FC84[PUU2
)(IF5@YK^^IO4\?A1FU?)\O

S_8Y$TD3U\X!^O/%M;5
MPO*GED;[^*C5&=+]7&YA


B!!-Z-6D



M@
H)?5$;R\B[V)7P&#;/M!_)
O($F6[(WU'2#%OL:=!%=Q-[
5Q
GF-?S)XT

O]LB5
]V5C1B&N&;Q8+GTSBSNNNDU/[]H
MO9?0W*PL\\;Y'A+,W;(/O$Y^^J3?NTY7/'CB:O1\-FMS/H_9!M:1`SGCD+

MO?M7^;H%P^
H;;B5T=5OI





QX'8*![&LYF[:0
B?`'X`J?+:3!26'BA[JX`L`5L

M=)CE]1N;3K!
:^8NVK#(MS_A]GV21C[











6ET

M-


M]-:?SF*RN=C$#.RY2)



M/$



1%E(_+77*6J7Q$2K83F(7H+EJR*KH(E



M3*Y7B^&\SQJZ^MH&FW




B`


]+HP;
R!*^M6?DQX&DJ/$'4]:^VSOEH)HK#7B*16O


M=/MD)!-YV&F5*XCIKL5
M#S&4_+Y%E5:Y?%G'B3Y--48.YNF0G
JK!Q/6$]FN&VJSDW*=)^Y)%#JR)WC

M9$-TQ-GXVHE)




[ZM[.X^^KW66%U;^
M*

M+


+A/VW.
M]_6Z*

ME7C=XQK`%K`%;&EDA-;





M8BKW7GZH]9_*KTRHBYCR7.R/26E21&B+,1J&;::H_(E6@G-@TL!EJR*KH(E
M5;)DM]5K#LN7:4T3Z%G^*.LCKCI^K






ML]4CK`!NDD6;EIGWJ$]
HN%15(%;=L`)Y9.MU/:ZXSNB&%K8\T]PRR:&&KR
MXX;BF7?KRUY'^7[*1FMS0S^20V5Z%F=O_5`LUWT)^-2)IXEK]ZUY'=O)]-D


P);Y
JXO7+)[



):

M-)'\*^8T(8E`9!0X=[$
#PMSS':(WH/DMSM.1C9/HHYCQZ
9S#%=$@$]4`;?
M%E'')`@H9R
9_)+?;6EHX@

2CIKB3
M2HYQ,E,MA'L4/%U
JTE
3_JR8Q`'3RN=%R\8-5&S:*27$Z3U*K(Y30TMXOY
M4(1W[3W:3B(RF34AXYG+@&[:WO78*C76HYZ%6=@WB1HFD4C'L]S8YF$RQJ+K

1:)8Q6'
A:?H3!L+%Q@:3J1&1BE(T5?






M!$?
)(EJ\2IZ#O-I'KK/:HU*O4TT5?Z8S9P+[]8U0S&Y/6:M%Q-Y

@WX1B+C&1(6KP2R]PO&VG\4JJ4--!X&+O1

2&^Z.7WWTB%<DX7T)_/O`G%ZL
MRLP)'12



E@6';&/PD]8KT4O*UO%28J$+WB

MF0.$OJ70#//ME*

1+==T

MF?@BHC^6&Y!


MBWDY]M(96GY[1S.I\&]DR.*![A&#FU)`$J%(IC
-)^RS:DIF2V0+)8+[60+G5[:</)GJ27W3G)Q
MPLJB`6);ZAU_]`55IP

90AIL;=B*0@1H%IZ







)K]3K-7U7


(R







M_V.X.&4@MR+)7F3G:-*3;;)5R4;Y
#UF)K]TTS-RW].3=
FN)[&M9*TQB3S$
M$

PFYW&VG6HQ)/(@
M@M![P0S.5
SQLEW+'=!


0Y?
B





].Q



NB6IER2)Q&7[O(RDEH%5MF]

[6ZW





MBR0

QFK%QRPBR9

V2`U9)TVD16HA4WDGO$B7X14A$)]E[_*

M%[EM(4VZFV$F71QZ\
5:;%(PS`Q7*ZY-'%*^0%0/S%^6*JR9Y$!9K#*G*CGV


M
1ST?L@J2)))ZIJSD+_._EB#VK)MBVJ
D;VL*ME?J3:Y$/K&*HXK3Y!-^OD%

E3/!^JJ$97$^'M=LBGB_

^VDQNNS:YGRB/@R8S73BXV/E*([.ST)QS


J#HK:54J



??U*]+.NO?O[(J-<5!ZWP!GGW$8KK+K
M)GL?9JKAV=1/L3R-)-(ZRS1T4OU:M6Y/+7Z

JO?


MZ(^Z4`CT!_H#_3E#4&R_F&/UHV4?_&#
'87Q

M3@+8IP@2J#`)J`?$J-D''H'BN(!DZ*FB4%T&4]P`;@`7``N4,$%2$[7;9I
M=3-9(;O@D+]&$JT6%]=S(_0YLYKI@K:BK1I`#%L


M1KOUPU/E


H\</;%-3T:N]N)&24/=D+&O\^XE3[\CK-<.\3TSLQU?
VH

Y=&KXI736A
M$:

M#ZLSE'_

%
UQ6?O5=^[CRA%-BK.S-\R@B)Q
1H

=I!.*4&H0^$/-9@BH\9OCD7S%&Z7))81-(N5B*)?-(WQ0AK
0+ZE

M3&R9X83-S

U&-D&4'`W'L]Q88


MS:[B=@DZ4M


GLLKF@A(


M\_;C0









M\2G).2N'O]A^$8*?D


\)D?2CU*YBU':E^ZH8H

/5;WX8

B$_AS/3RCYO$/:M
M
R6\?.)S]M6?FFL'LPC6Y/PDC32)Y;

M?YW]L:82RW;GDX8M3\9T-M8WV2/OF&S




M(!I2YIEK/_3;O#D039V(YH!5&-0)C1T90Q:S1[L(27V4$43D7**MOZ;%KR




O+XGDT2G


M//:^JN@9Q@_]*^Y]%3D-42W7%O+)&01E9.'1*CW'P:DM@4E@LMR4.+7'Y&U2
MT_IW7]:T?B]J6D/1+D31]!(7R!YD7S@&%_TX=?_@47@LF^RS;)Q
YQ$%EBH
M64%V/I]%J9X-VNVU+J1U+JZ9\3

K75F597;O;`=.*QQ2TTX^T!_H#_0'
M^@/]T5

MX#-ZAH_-]1I3ERXZI2SQ27%]+B)1:7^@KK37NJI7:/R1.`XD`9+8=)_15I?

SWQ`X(SRK)@
M9$;




M]A(Y#=M&NWAVUP5+F-X`
4`



MY\`#\%!Y/%PI7-2&.06XU!PN/76+U+HH?BE!1(V]S6*+M[\(N$J_G^M2DTU
M&JGJ\EQ]EED4IJBL_?(*H`5H'1;9')U-M2[;1@?R@+R5-39E2PJ8U``M0L'

[`%;`%;.8.QIZZ\&`Q&(`_(VU=.(QB

M)U%!JZ!5TIH515$!:V5D&KH%55$!6TEJE0V9YC6)61


MI)__6WH:*G!:BSXT#\)YIP-J-[?+L^$3I]
%J[\YM71K^/`\]J]\8!
#4&



M.G!UP6#1GB^@B8T$!1TMQJ0(Y&%25!C%4H=




0ZOK=_LMV*@++(P\T?R$*C!S,K#@+N
M68\LDPO=

M^4!_H#_0'^@/]$=/^4!_5
!59<R]SFUJD*J
[9!'+9%0%`0Z`AT-#F^XR^PDJZN@\]
M[!T0#8BF)'O':#=[,'A@\('P$-E&CQG<+MT&7G8.^`9\$Q9]H[1-&#OP-X!







MJ#.H



TQ*8`O86CDL






MH`?HE6!/&BBC#(


'\`+[7'2VL(P``P`

GD9$PC.?N]0
\Z-OO_6O*?ZM%7

MQC/@7BZ=#QAG@*N@O
4QK@J6Z'\

M1:JT
EL]A:?_867R@2%ZJ^4H%%%-H=*JPW#PH%A8)*Z4H%!ULC2ZAKIR


M^V][K?:;7O?]V_Z;#X


'






]/=*'AJ^K(7H13ZG!H@DJGZ]QX]+:NSZGO

M\VWLA!.AWR*.9L%/BDVZ;/[J$@01ENM'$@)A9:-G2
V+](%R



Q^PH2/

M@&.Z;

*-D9FCJ1'4YR9[D[5
-#WM'?&3I
Q$

3FTOL_

/FHKGUU.?LNY4







Y,@;I)9^8
MN75]]!LXW(KG`

IKX#RG$8NV[PI_$.%_JTG
XJN$7M


IWAF?6.[Q)C`5<TG<*$7
MO765UD:X

MV2M^[('!)MD59IX-Q@GUF[S`&9KSR1GF6E6;L6XGN1.T
W(?7U^BGY/;4[G!

?Z&Y]7_\



YU/C-^Q)?Y=

_RQJ!X6





*[HG7/X.



M^\;$5SNS\@RBD9GX_1:=PGRV`_7K

MVS

&H;






W$%GZ&8`ZK#956JN1PZ
MKSNBL\?0]5S4\


$

[(
MW?*ZZ\2VV

$K58.S(?]ZGR#:6N@&[(O:QZK2Y73=%
M':4O5Z+8_+:3NMKK8W3DD_DLIY^CHV630UK(]TEL:`OC9@5HK=T['3S0Q[


'-WSR@C6HXO-^1L@ZY\9XWQP3USI_.Z*:=0G142NS;G
M
ZX9\HWM
R;#6/(H)JFFE


8M#



:CN_*I!A)SS*%8X5QE!QR!<*R:EB3DL/T

M813_(
;%OM:


M/I2&-W

M`CKFAURJ'55;]R;C_6AH+VW+`@HQBH^C.+D@D-4))CE$@^GHY0'QQV77$?


%\R
M`K[R20P8CZ0R]H)HX
+BOG2IWT!^6T(80V(N].3*[!\L0-U?CKQRGACF*KG


MRZ0X#V

MT9D++\5I1CV

O%@8

M#'HG^S%_U%/HZM@7D`TP\`U290F6HK$WP6^^('4(9!(UFZD9?+/297(`$I
MQ[@#`\CN.TW6@65*AIZ/42=A9ITBT$P2%IA0!7V)]!.=A@$[Y#C-GF98%I.;

MM0'?42Q.8NL*9CR__QKU/C[K&A!T@




06$1KY'5$PU


M)3-MQ7AQK]

&L1X4$OX-A7KX[ZN^=1


X0`=-I`]`DH!Q3(HBB8[;USZ/F$^'+E]%?X%I
M=)`#M._IU)EE!W[%2#`
4NF%E)%4*TZT'P1(4V(2EC`6))0P09^GNVF?/]C
M.(IADMZGKGXL*N3_$]0][/NHG@\JW5=5+B+/=^AM\R+@/IIE!*A6$H@90G!
M\).3*-&IIE%




MA;Z_T&D_)]^N_QA@X3%QXMS3M@K6/S;^QN,]6BRB(HDC45`$JUCDD*(A))

MU50Q24(O2%24)%J&`Q


:AQ-1))AIX`_57GY%=4@5B($G
M*[G94#^RBK@0J!MKLS@)=F$Q




M9\7W9U)L3I*W@N.$8*'044P$DYK()(V(T'_7_*NK;F-6TG_HJ[_?+H.'&.

T&A\:W8U&


9^5[9B)F7@=%MIHO]KMN][S61.9,=R6C_QPR2\@X2CQ8


M^#SB1.Q50!:L^FH7RSX;AVN_]4FC\[+[-757J7OB&.SY%QL6B96&)
C.(NTD

MPS4UU)7BL%(QD'R
PK



GK$

W[H4BH957J1NY4'XJF`D&.;::C5.27O($1/`7F62AYA#9D:FT7
0JB1
MM1%8T*FWA8K\+F*W.J6`2GN0^H^HN[Y+H_:)0]OI;'$^5RTCM-'.C`4'W-




MV;A;`U

M7_`W3S

DX.P8:&Z@NVULJ_N\@8#SS6B-H]HPE

M]\KN!QS5N@N_HTW2Y_W_C
NGN.P.\S@\\7+CI5/!2MR;$YJ[

M@SIP;DZ_^?*=R;!)V3OF5N9?(C4*1UXOKTM=]
[MJE]SR&N-X]&6T&H@05B(
MVF0@5H7-BB#9T;'8J)1GZ4*B:`+&UK;KMZ#=^\QVL.Q`(_^`EAIOA`^


^VH


=$N5C=%SGU-SV?T.:R!1AHJ*7,9M$L*J.<&9$)3
M)E.&RI2A(8S5`&K51#NSZ)^,;S50<QL._WKYV2_:84;N+P)]2,7Y&LLV*<H
M'MY(XX7+

MALU+3I)[6Q'X^2WIT9--2#E1K2THH3W04IL+K3


6B7P



M$H'^R]*U%;O\GV7WQWTBG/O(PEH4W)7)VL0!N.NW+=KJZP=VRF5ZO__Z_?)Z
M$185P'\@/3N_KK0^]]+PQBVZ?Y6L_;VS;Q88NB



M.([X


MQ[-EXDHQAY%X6]QVC\OER)8:$17Q5GIPS%F0


M

OUQRF
]];=E'U&0XOO4]49@&]+'WUV7_MDN:OD3'M/4
MJ^WOO@S1

MLEIPJ0S^@MH4_`._?=M^ZE#OJM/WG?_TU^16ZV'7NTB?.S^L8M[O[/E^F=Q]
[Z?]];5;K19Y
MD[RJ+/3!Y=8_]J[]P5T/FD2J=4RVFTK<J9;M]C74OP2]7-(#-Z_@IHFNJ`Q5
MEXX?ZOX7&QV%%MQIU*:9`F\\@QP`V*T]XZ0K-+(5

M=Y@&HM^D6&Y8C$#(4V^BA1AC=BR#8H8!-P$''7T&2ZG0UJ+]&&9YG76*Z=R-
ME#.RKB)4^F/CHL'A;(T!S/[W&ZEP]%09($YH2-X)*

3AJXS1X\SQ1-EVBD
M921Q^:Q5FET_26(8\;7O]`$Q:34#*UX*@TX9Q)D3SQH:I+P1'C4P5^`C%^
MVIY8H2?SJ:9(OR

M7U



MJF#0#-9J#MJG`#EY19/.CK&1

:#XZ]N-

;;R5FM;\0_^_UXLOV
M!?C]Z^20EAJKB`J:!T@Y$/`HC$*9(!*AF*$&75R!WY0D=XHR?\Z:4S$2
K

BNDC&.

M4.TD
COB
MGA8R
,;:;R7FE!4
MEX2RB3A#!RQ=.-L-)38L44QZWH]SH:)*CR\T'GP<
?U[IHL?EL*E94L7FU)




MHM(1@D(]P48TAJE6C#KGLA

_2J]2&_=Z\


$F.=G4T_AFA\`R\G0OJAB0`;]O33B'.
MW%/CFM5F3
8+0(DK_&GC.L9+7'EG




M2PIJO?4YV&?MV8OR8)
&

ES)I%8'2,%$
MB%E[+I*43,[ZN^


M








M#-!0+D!4V?/4#25*J3RD/)29`5-J.PI0F7#!#RQ`UR3BT`2L2_VS(O-7'#N2





M



M&!


M;A`8(91+E$B@82L]IY&(@G0CL;,\+H?3Q.KD#`H8G2P1.UI#GS
@!55#%B





M.DEYQR27


MA498BH03Y1GBW`2CM//6=BPX5
@U
4AF+D&GZ_LFVFK&FRYB&\HLU_MZ_M[^

M!.0:QLB&8+.MP9`URB#N/1
&!RW@1N4C#\)[NI')L9]5/%#@E`G$(R$(*Z=1


2MJ-D$CA9%I0+ZGVED@I3]Z6:Y4





(])1A(/+-I#2R#M
EZ`)'+0)
MM




M[\Y8

M&S8^^YXUD[

LYSCK\_
E


M?+EJ*F!?H?X.V[8V0NBB_7;5M

MCZK
V2U[.!/_?[F]?(6@GG)-/&0L'S^4Y;C^;51.+T2[BW`TJN9L3)YFK*A9


Z8%!+=F?636]*M.B!YW;0-02



+LNMJSI%^M
5T6A9W33GZ



M5G


UKR6R%


M5`NA/5
M$I!:R'RQ
)RG=9T]9(N5.%G%TNKMMEUL5Y'U9LE%;WH9I\'7&6Q
M7BG#&RRK_)6L(?L(+9[8]?

+
K;Z]I8OK





P'^4CS=5.5JN5D6J9EE:\J$J

!_BXWY&HLD?#JOTT=)?S
(EV96-GXH-7D




^;C/'NRV

%'K
G;O*C^9-GC

`U437BWJ%;5G/OQEW_]8Q5B_3`ER*=CS-.SQ[V

62%Q

ILYIL.JZ4
?XRQTQ7BQ=R0.]Z'



C







M)4''GP5BFFP
SK0I?FM0N$/MP_3UH_852^C7LP3S%O*E],U@
H?CX:L;HN
MJX^O`OU-ZG[=




Z?_ZW3-#AUO:)V$('8</R040FQC*Q`A<



M
%&84+$X@=

+:(%P0.C42]

@!]AGR+J

Z=RYR;E2[.$^T82V$$4A8!B


M#JA5ZT`A&*D#W_Q@W`Z-;H%(B./3D#K`=:`#(P@\$+ZL*
*!\W'P-A2L1B:&
M2@1?W47%'0MY&N7S
5\92@QG&?#$1H%+`838(]!U`S^*'=QQ;0-_V*H+O0U+



2F/

MMGQJQ]9*1K8]K#9*V^Z+#F]_J$Q.)Q(X.`1(*(AL0!T20^@ZB

MNY-U^9JB11U2




NB^7VRXUX
M$8JKIUF\CRV69I]+P9=X
;O
.56/W2T/NT(B]9TEEAO:XG8A#[N^ZP*'NFX7
M`G`





NU
M:!2M1@@


7L?
.'?_8-`$DP

M.L

?



*'HS[QE*ZV3/?;[]Y&$F)[T:IRG=7W]T`;]LG/YCS`)M&+J
M(6AY01Z

$


$


6RH


+

%^'EX%`J5#AAPFZ8%$<@]




M+4

G:^5+

FLH=]R)TS`ISFE_DA/



M


M9+=^COOYN=K_U]/J?GU7M^C?_U'=?JGV$SHA@W\U8`4D\:GSNY7.(RD4=JVR
M8-PL2]POQPDIS9DYI?^?F_CE]RDSOCF
KC:O$#@28AAB!@WXM4`!2DD)WG`F



)8:`7@J7'`^
&?VXA[=$2O5=;;XB`DA1J3(EVVF`I6RM0(\7R&AM-5NQZ*;;P
M`(@O,-.L7(99L!Y&MYQ@CK&ST3G&FK6;%%F15U92LDY_(9EE9P(Y4Y5?79QX
MM$?R117Y`<BT]QP)X9B&D`I_,'^\IUQ)UID`L*PB/TEQA(ZZY5W!&``N'BA
MAI'HRA3R)\\M\NO-A--%?N=1_YL7^0&O?,TY=;'$Y,I;(QOP)`B,Y!6MLBO
M-S][%?F=!\CEE78A2JG#Q`EM$6*8J5U0U^:$G%I17Z]^=6[QBL/H=]/$LI+





M;D*$1



,:VB,4R2&=L88@5^[Y`OKD&?.
ZP0(M):S4E##W=D^5T4L_.A!D)1)CSZ
M\[SD=-:Q_F!P)RDTB%6$0-8JLM;I&3('



E:E_.B!!
M=#04H!U\IXKYN-+YQARQ_!F*NY%H9L1LS\T\M!_#):W&]W=1SXG:#Y.T\'




MX@VF)BJ50SR@!L9Z7DHLAA3J].;M=BI82ARZ[WQM9Z'&R75!N&A4.(;2:`$%
M@


M%S7=-L`[*P**GH2VT:C2$I&4;&UINR^$8'E^5MF^#KGG_SB0S
7N]
==577J
M^

7.D;[
M3(4A8E8[*@/?\`&$MW0E9KR9G&Z;+^-W&-\#$*

MWJ.6/D`H7^ZA/9!?O;LGYB'T^TGXH[FI0C`#(S/;JZ(+:$&4`:8P0`9253



M[FUNU;=4L?_O^N]/R%6?Y=&?Q))S`E'*C:-61'_!-%0#;O)NKR=37HL2JPGP


L-84.4BA@LH)`Y0@34@4:[R:B(G.T[*<W\(6H7\Z3=#

M






X


MX`A:/8ZMGF\*D`HM4A


M+=?5PXO]]O93HQ_03.ZJ;IYV7=;T.:\)J4*0(00A`UQ$Y`[W**@$%O8C4-!
M9H0Q8P@4//9+F=P^-3_WJ)MW9'SMV^BT
A
6S'@.7#1)+/40]J&*!S*

M61P0M$@KP3P21&LN;#PE&XH%)7E1N\F&-I8T5L?&+J?P_I?DKD2]V=[?1_]_
MM[I_1[ET+0O`@%2-A1A'$B*`.&M+=HG%/L^?G6Q68R'E
3)JI3W95_):1Y:/




8\E'B??0O

B!)

M

O



HQ)24F84

MU,1O=B6%@?S]G+)Z^S\O3P$B)6_?^1=VU-;MO(^B_A?GD$T

M&




MGOPT
7`L#K/-=+KYF%CQ(GY:G]NW;]:IBT&[V3ZZ1[_?23U:=@#5)(2QO`


-7QP^S?^)NXBZ-)
L
6:+P+A#+%
MG)!8Z*]0;ZCW`DYIL[59JU)TC.:/S^/TG0['*N+D-PSA#OCX?[X^:/)NW\


M!$2KSH(U@H54XZ5T1Q$*F2[!T^^-9[
K1D-2G\DO%Q^.Z_Q]K\1[ML
X`
+(
M$.`.&`'94V?MC'.LQ[#J(-='HW-M

IMF4%HNI



QQO&@EH9+2PW#BH7^*D45S7-H3I:-7%JFZJ)70]+V=6(]($+[7FD$


T4T0JQ5\/!BS+L2YGPJQ2Z


M!95/E!JAT'S]SN.9-T`:1B-US;(Q.W_TW$1BM&_Z/_=W7^(?DC?).(M7T'?M


8I&;!




\O/C]I:?W_RS_GY_



7$*\MSKKK]:E)H1C

88H$Q18@#U5$'
M7L]L^M.T5F








M/(JWRB02ET2JMD8:J&`:1J
Q&B\4!C&N7:0C?&/9:)N7-%:]/*N$OC@1BMH

B$$P

M4HC40=@ZE=@0D:%($&!Y.:N5W/'G$*8
T&8I3BF^65*:TGJ-1\KJ8(B/]C1S

GY?P9ARL!LGK*T_%14
Z7U&DP%T32:=
M;TQ2$_7VG.

MX/715EDUZ


.Z8X^H]F,.ZZ/Y-?@OBYY%V?)
S.Q)J+`-1G

M!A(VVCO94X0SNW2=H?E+[F$^&I)+NR!CK!B-.$1K,326EX
XNI99?5_&4P

M@!+*TKA50G6_82-@9B;4.


0_R6OR
M4KTB


U:.R\
R[C:`0S587






MX-L021B%TW7*Q.S.\'F)0GT1*)/X;Z7#(@3#B(VD!2KCP=?1Q7G(
P`F#FF7
I-7(#3?8V`DOP9G?^<A='V2

MJ

OH]*2R&&5\U

!?39UKY
M/


M


M\:P](`U[WVF`HQ

MQE)!$8E[!D*C`=)109W/;$QS(:[

$0


PMB

M)/OP].AA






@
`+:4MJ-1Z7]PDP)K$=:
HZP


S


M];Z.6KM`]]N@&L,%H*/U#EN*3C5DSCJS/RNR8Z.RYMZ/9SV/F7Z[O5S=?[



M1]K3


M0YUV8G/@ND8@$\F5L3YZ%Z)$QHQC2H7H%((^7B)IXJWSZW
S=W7?$NF7N]7J
MX4/[(
GD[J^7+^!V\[[NG[X-3UJ'V?RS]N)5OU\Y!AHNA]M:'M$]3PF)P`


M*8T=))[A7
'BDXZ::F#(=A)\YWK#CWJT=.&MR]J2)`$#,H@@Y$H:5!MB.UI
MA%1@Q:VVQQMM``M&H72)?*CN^*DF&LQO_D\/=ZL=?MWMVCY:^_WJ87\T#OW6
M)4U0TE(-EB`00:35TM!N=$33V5J0#-OSE##3=A)DYK;[A_75OYZ[NIYD_!^N
M:R#AY(&A\)II*\$0WSM]5NNYFE/5P8Q\




M

M6
1Z(RYCS774^J



MN6#-2Y5'

4;2T73;`WBLG
3IVL9\8L
]@DR-4UH4TYF[WU!A*N%*:7


A$S6=WFVZ:PX=*\HM6CIKH^KA\LKW`544D8LH#<$B&&48K<+`T;8
MT=R@B?*@+JQPEXHT.*$$YS:V&4M2HNE1UC*OT.FLA;L&\V2^PEVG@7I5:^&N
M


J[7JQ8+&#X[&(+)#G?(L&#DA-+
M/'5




*M85


&`L?!4D`=:
M1&0

1-^JH364'5-,DSDP`U4I1R

M

M[Z


MH
(:@

MG
E+I%U(1UQP-BN.7'V3VU)E-FR
*BA


MT8O]W?H/]]=/F\2#52]5.I1M\FURZC&I\GP/T4A.P$3+G+:.\\],_+9LHH
M79ETN0RA!@@JD#[PC7-:9)V%#!-V9Z:ED$W8-!D.1E&DZL::Z1*X

1<-<Z.Q6@8@-4C2
:K8Z]TP-^+KM?FD]8$/-S5;9*

M%(L43$A+
K

M.AHILFZ




^

B*/J%'T
MP0EG




M)DTE\)SKQLBBRJLJ?CD%!7)=SW*0GZ]HW/$T1&0*T*+UP(D
L1NG
$;5ZWL6




M=/?Q:K=[_&L=.KH/)XGF7JS)$(QF7DO!99#$:\8
1:)HB92/)H._6XALO8
MGMU?ZX
6T5H


-.DBB=1HBYR?

2G3

O(!J*]?
8Q&I

MIU%:2?Z?O2MM;AO'MO_H%?;E(]9^?I/$J233J?G$8MNTK1I%S&C)\N\?:)FT




M`4+Q;A\6




N0P0&-;NJBGTV_/PHR7_9IY\\J(6
M82S3?D1CARU.N]$%@!8%[YE2J8!LXCNN7$L:)
)%F3J;NJF_*E*&C:17^I*!

D/(2@FXRPEW%).?R

H

ZJ[$WO
M









!9IJBQ0FW0+-99R4
MDS@;^E*`$A-P-#THU^MYU2_DV%&\




`)O7'.0445


O9\L]ROJGZTOURA4(XBY45@$/LM15*.J2Z


SG@6H%
MUM8#A

4PU5-D\[674`PO$4)[K`DW/NU5I#&KP.4HF
MM=[DRN-(CX#P4^VS!C'C'(

Q@-
1/U1L
MWSEND76*-TJFW&D




]$\.+6Q(%=G3VUHF9JX)
M

M:#

(-V/KV&^JWK'CK^4+QAFC&#F&+9



6=4JI=4AG1Q$TWEDQ+[)%6
PB]



ME=?WD;=^+
MA;JZVGS9S!N)B=WNW4XQK\'?+;!E4#F)4?



H2C+A#0F%R\H+9$QF]Z-5O]+'XHFB

M=4C


U.5M]K5?E_/+F3;VX;9Y[NU;!
M_UKODHALVS+6S[XKE\M[*DZI5/EX6-!#E?+WP@7D@#JO20

MD'F/#C[^


MR``/%#G`

MEOV(8_K0:XZ



J:\!N4(L=Q


MERYC83R0\ASF?`LHU

D0.R[8OS



M-
9BTU3-/=WY1?`?_RC^KF7SF=E^

M=?T0D1IVR:.[$6A-A

MVWH7+#33^=NIAND0



@S('$(#*-%FHU(U.+CNK[Z




?U^\]=\=N7G=?F2#M:+Y0H$*56206LD\%P*P;!I6T[#HA/'
MZ/GL*\5C


MYR(X]YME([N^^%8MU[

MYE$X'8!C%-F*%,4P+:[5G.4RP;ZM4.9:T^!6PY)@;3:$9?WGQN]%T7Z\OE

%'?5UC!,:&<VHD%8Q)MHYQ$3DN1I).V)$LB<%7%/[(\??



3@



H0PCUUKED/


MF_$98.*ZFHQ]E/B8QKTG0@EWA0XKK(YY\\N+I!A%)()9*2.B4)T:K5@!R*

X$9(76;=R$X




MS/^NK

TGV;
M7LD8]0$G!GD
`%`H_`]K)9MQ(6CBBO+&WJ\99NTW!#SVW476)'+0+&*6V`
MLR^(S(G








6!'



M09H4'A&ECL4VU)OS3EHR



D

MBN/W#=]KD=F:A:,D[+1\9L+0I@7$H25O?0!BT:@&NP
L'JQ[%H[MLIPR.7

5C0W=VUUA[9E#


.3RGO28SX

7

:6.#)!%P7C/%&`F.




(4Y(3QJE5P4-HL!:`Q/4&25E1-C)Q
M$P&;$8G-X:+P._-IL7XHMV_6+WJBU9GW9K']Y!\W__E;N0P?NX\?R_L!]6Z_









ME_/[6ME=

ZZ-V'H+XA+!KF^I.S.%'XM?
OE?W
UX

)/1=AW3)T6E@#5U]N7^'=]]V6-WOUM]#1_^2KD\31EO.!,.
M2N4P(9@$,9HC9:BG7ERL2?V5<EDWT'4UL6-7%I;-Q_1]I@50)U2/E5=[]@I
MEYVI
EK*Y75`WWC*)7*D/F^`8N(HM\PHU)P-3(.`DK%NHO5(9RIT2KF\#LOY





M;D]L'P5\):



MTZ6^^$

XNX

1GF/T]
XQ:&X\]^4WTL5^'G

B$*?ZUIW7`
M8+M]^GP8U*]T_]/$
/I_@)22S12`&`DC,#.V48EZ^Y

$CXU@F`$6V7S3`GK*JW.V











P;0
CS'<RAIU338.K4YM'S-8$ZXI3B$@@#D8`1.-RJ




!$ZZP)DHJ

ORUVMC3ZL;NL
A_WB
MX8(!?O3Y0)GCBJNZ2`404EN!3*N



M29\DT_XM9:[



^_HH!84U`8$0.IEEK
M_+U;:V/AF8

XB)%'Q6<`;-P.3%J05Q1/O

.IXP2H]00[')#D(A^N4:7':


M[K)E'V4K[IB:



MD4






MLN-UOO^UV!S


MKB='L%B3=IPF)]9!!@6E!EJ'O=`.0=V`H2PILLG)N%+NU+^D'TQ9O)BC=JT0


EDTAU_7
RDL,NM[5-&C^Y
MMIO5U_4^'BXO*O\NPP-$BFEN%(3.U`[$0%J9NVY
^5:!*/)\Q1/QH?M1R%-




YXCWFT-'VYO'
M)&?\7T8'#Q3U\9BG)/=
20J=

]/3H@

(5*N`3&J1$^Q973D?@S6%&=LE$Z6









#DP`C*QF4$F()C










2L_58N'W;U9;*J34NTR

\GX])&A)
MO'9&8F\(P%Y1XULWB)$H+?UDLJJ:84[`)@1)/EA]<=Z\_70[?1+=7._6C^L


MTU)@5*A&T?^[:K

.$A4OM(WXMKK)1
#=(`+K:(N(Q!+H]IY(B33

81+23U
MHMV
)$E
T8)7XC@;Y8$=IEY
SV$



&._MY_SZQTOY#??GS</^=KFZ^^<J_G'W4-U^

MT?$)

MU14FB6:$0Q]73!M62U1BO]+)MJQIJ])
@]DKOLQ1=.IIPS7WB]7=CUAWRM6W
M6!(CXY`'4ED!-(?*8
@Q$





*[^A4+FF_`Z-

M502JUB-


D-1192D%C8%(HJE2.'#%JTX[


O;Y`B#!K*)=<2Y



\+-F6MYMOZ^6_#]1^]E@_]?(N=_M/
MZU?+I+F]W3Z6I^)1:,5WBEA@PB$@!6&(TUKC&QTJ=IDZ/%#0;ES=A@S8U`
M_E\/T98^I:
DC%9@0
$90654[@!I8IEH

(R6Q4G+[9VK^2-Q%Y*9IA@3M*H6#9+N<:)L;'1&N8.2)+^
M8&1

MXC=G`A.`01H+TBKDSAZA

0C%2=%A*UG(VC(%8#NFHO06@BG

M4XA;(

MG#5




O

M.6(659UJE^O'Y?K;IZ@#'1(7=N;WW:%[[0DJI`]:6$9$!()0KX7Q`3PAHD;(
#01@1K(<OB6SOOL0999F=/W%S@:7D@SPX$H2['#+M3YJAAP

@U_.:-*PFG&/
M40OD3%0K#?668
T5!=)47&#K==IRE#
HF:H:YP

MJLI!CMB0&)7SQQ1/C-+*HN,C_!J4!S4N@G72V=2&V&*2278!R72H`+2G*&


5X?1STN_GI(TPR8@RW=
M67)L;A3[N)92!AA!G)]E7M9N]:H]]\P,]0$UXV$`F20IZTVF8;5COF2877)

MTX2LUD(XG9#5;?97GI!E!;

N)$K/P$N*2$+,R=
MT3AJH,*H:()@(BFMYQ+`G\TDGTM5FN9G$G(ZH;'_!.R+`B*)!?4
^D1\U02


M=H3A@.K]&/!
4O\8?ZA_]VS\5U.+?S[UK5W7O:]V-T\;YIFCOGH.7BAE

M_
D


MHWP$E+;9C9?ME76Q&@RVF2Q/1W9J?_^PVOPHZXC+.-K5KP\I)!`7UW?$`_%!

(4]U0W0!$V_X31








0`HQ?16(U?A#(*N)*5?LV`UYA%




A8P44`



G1@TDI6/-BGMB

M`4G&C@$4FGU$





M5B]/QRH'?4[!D*.2$^ET,(;S9AX.8*$LC1CI9L

$


MR=VK=VL3SF@_2


MY29$_?4OV\WCP]&*Z5.7%YQ)R8%8'2T
'

MIOGBGW;5J#/9^

.&.*ZN8[H')F
;T
*O#`B$W(
MCYM-M/-_=?'TWT%Q6I$XXX\(X['+3GS3R#2=-$1VRK
!4SDN!*6/E?9OCD

R0UE
M+_9\>;R_7VPKEV%8KA?KVV55;O]UL[VO2Z/??^..?!KD*85A@7BJ:18!(TE
M]
W^NR_\Z$6UZVU&'
MXCR^Q)3^SY&PLO




M9AJ:Y\R?_-S.$Z1--O(H4


M

M&$GP4E+E6%88M^LNZ1BZG3/!::*^
`=8;!%@(ZQ42BAH=U`$;?I67+*C
MN1:
N1-E.'2+2
N]SK*])J$Y4&^(P6`I
\'1`*#NX@\MUL1Y?^;'=*1'2@5C
M
+.U


U]'^(;8J4*)TQ;&8:[,BH.%R-XVZ1:C\
C

M;#5M^@&1%I^RT)SL#\Z'YRD+A=Y3!5Z##I9I+HVQMFTI:*0R=B!G
?!QBF$:
MFN?


M2H.3#+N4T)QBV-$QFF-N[J4+O3!%]WJ_D+S.CJ?`2D$8]37]X@=VAV]Z\S&
^8ZBYRJV'IFY3K:.


:^99;%:0V#HIF_;QB&3&6XW#[-5;JDQ#Z/R8D-^F828$.#4]
S!L@#L5
MZA8IA94PHFD/M2*[S&R#[=*I9QZ'2-[1`)1C^*T!X$*;A0@2G#3EMC[%*G



8^D



H,,16-IY@%3J;Q2Z,'S
ML6G;!3G<6CDG!8=`FBL%WVTW%Q.R\.?BTZ4=H(Z:Q@$RJ.]4#MWT-BCDXC(

D;*




P


MA4?^P:F6.

M+(417@DIZAVU0Q4%MB$_;VDPV



/&Z5*+(`0F'DG2C
!$!C?7+G;/5?!X1OME
3P:1K
PX::Z


MNQ`6B-?



&TT-T&'@.J+:)M(F?K07=I1

SQ$0]

M0C$AF[83$+




M5+I/#B\6(!&05%K8WCK
24F+B.[34,)X6`3A=WIC)29&RS)KT:[YY+E+
M[BC.[6*5$*ZI-=!+1N(1




MJHR,.HL0511`*FC#Z:X:)HD:,A,VI[;CMMY8)UG:.O;`U?7J\U%^7X3UM4N
M-G2S_A%7I*OJ=A2G\;G"PT&@6;6JRX


P


M/I&S
ED/)L.5%H_BKY7A$:DLKG.&`I<($84UU]H`NL<$$!
H+4_29'O1BU
I







P*3!%11CG#J-24
&%)
M'#2X[O3QII:FGJC\SMP^^E]_F:I?485@P@C'/$6



WAG#Q5T_L8]6ZQH?/=0B
KI6(@.19.*P\$U[27`V7X%JL`5[
&(
MK


M]F9S4=7[8V\V[\I]_

-$3/*&AE)1
.
M7`

7+Z-']?7FJW+7?SNYENC
M;QXW.@W\L<*X$(2IJ2#$`P$PV6#J.6)1Y(FBT69:PR;%]53X^FC3V8BZZ-/


M76IGXI!^X$.UOBCU]9UIX\=-3ZOOFZH]V



V&L
`*S



Z(@&W:
M%N

MP%[^J+



MZ[^D?7E




NM]TF^#'J*28.\*].

Y-!RY;:8#.+.6Q4&6JP1KJ$I`NE7NU68?UYGKUZN9S




M0ODNC


MN*';\TD5!VP=YX0#LPPHXY;K!@NI4


M)/?KN:51T

M

M!
ELZWXTQ.9@Q:N;O10&6T(]GU1I)E(''N^Q-MYJCCC8!@L*B_#K+3#[;G6
MT+1@%DLGCIKQM
J:K6P4F*2=EF-D?4!-Y@$`P77R9E



MC4(@)
&
\V:^(!4K5W$9+
'^5=RRL#I_CA2G:I1'C2(=;4@PRRD3#AP3UFEK




M\M2



M7:WB:KW?B+[=YX+/0N!GWU\!1*FGW4\(ZI!-'FW6X



?B-U<\U34=\:W5\P

MRCI$K)'$L.\\,)@25HI0.:Y+GQ:H;^`3\UVC^Y2\VI?C\_@(H()`D6@DB*


M/[45\9#Q-=^!TO:-%5$846U=`



1
M/I4E


M%(0X%2$0PH&4IIV^M;.Y6;HVN!L%]/7HP





4AYY
MYGGK?$1:^G(MH\FDWX]E(Z+Z#^
2-L592J=



MH-\OKH*T3DLM

QFM^!G3:0)Z[I6(4$TD!

MBJ;*ZT(A*0*D0RX6@VQ`L);F58F8S/LZ.7

M9@CGD@.U0C
IE&ZL+$-HR#OG
YE/=501CX#':1WIQ=IK+0CFG)K`TRD6T69K
M.T`R2];].P*4:1J

12I[L)\O%9B5:S$

M6)T_1XJS*
JCQN-/^-(KS?4Q/V1!P85MP$:`*!@,K+&5B1(B?/]+;Y$Y





89FN
5_?QH6PLQ6OHG[_\UC:.E/-@9]]YO5)ED:
MW^LE:UZY-,/ZDZEOXG]VXW*7VU0^Z&Y3MZPYJ&!VN+^*C&#`J!724Z5UU+/V
M/6<<4F#T47_7-'-_+/]/HOMPS2VW4M@=7A.)3027$OC))(@-
'.HST6PF@R
M5Z+JP?I7(TOUV4)8X^.U*K4*UCB]**RG7KI4T$

MHXJ[4R.*?GC-H;N

*AJ


UAJO^JF

E[86!^CAPW$(4FK&J?8M
A;E
AKY2)N:F_


60;+4:CTGPC^

)\5M;5AKWG+08![$9


M\#KS9#EIL')88


MA#GP/+U\1E8`.6]XYH$C@U'5#?SDT(4K$9,+,_.B1-Y)X?4XI3

IHS7BGO3&$46
;+%))\]
)#G26
MZJ#@0#^\SCPX0!`E2B`7E(0@D4=8ZP8

9[









H98*5

M+V
260(AID)*@CAUDH']





M'EUC




#
M9T8WIDLG!0[M\+R^M'4LB7(







M)GGA1FEEG;RX.\


L0#2`WP(ECT


MT^S9W2

!H(RDS`UY82\';:05:O.J


M]5U-)NN']:S*='R16K!\
W=_3HKE\MWJ^[ORR+\OCAU9RM6#O-*&6-02:6P
MI$0P9P2D9*\=:U1DU[R;04FJ854JI/_OLYGFY[Z!RAMI=9/[_+_7I2;OY@@



M)7@
XB4LB[NBH79?7)M14'49EM8R(3%%GD*P9[_#D?51O?GPNM?OI8B
5*WP

?A#!#'4O4T-[H0%F+@2$;8IJHWG[U]+F8K
M-F/*L


M53?W+BCE8?W0:M/8;
C

'\7T_ONJN%







^FQ^F$X7@[3$E.4/R6@B2
M`C$.O(Z_+XL[D\\F50WB='[_OEA]+

S(6\$
&



M3\HB7_9K(QQ_;





0.%3+YY!*V!EZH;X:!TWC$+H]


[U!G
8ZSEW4`REKJK
M/Y9%

`V

M9(CO]LU\LG@HGCT7NXJO
\OYB;LR3+SQU8GP'@7)'.2


MNCJTI;B+2VGOSTW776RN-XPB9O



M%R45`HR@^



MVCWU5JG3H6(O!V





M@U`2:

-+
L]X
M6'.@5UX+3JRV)CZA:S0QW[.:Q.+D`@0B5_6]Q_+!=WZ\U7_WEKOOUC.BD^






Z!Y-P/*[SO-7_O\-[[^N1RD5+



IC
R[J[NWZ_N;L:
M(0+?O:$AMFW!;K5(AZ
E&KFU]'ECHWFI@#6C4LO+PQB`ENFAJ1.D^GFS;2-3

\1KEOK*A
M$--^$HU
1PI8Q5A@FFO-53#


(G6$+*R<87V+MCB$
M=0KO9!ZR_NMWGUG;3'%W[@Z2MLE^:<-E)&TGF73$&XZ*.G[4Q]STVDG#-F\


M!S_)
2@LUL59IIBC-(0H96A;



0!OL.0P=50FEY.C1H5&7@-5@NMF'<Z;-/


9ZTPE-YD6!7YO
MQ:HH4UV%M.`JZW&2*LY
93Q2(FB:?W=+-W20];EB92[NXG$X:].T[O%^'
MQ^W-W1\?UMN;S6L5=88
:T((1`9`[QRSHJT%(_K#')#EA9].ILZ4I[D`*#6I

MVFN/-RB4:`LM!\5U




M83R8DQ
1Y.?A48/;4E6O0!MN45!OO$
5-1.*]6XER?
*JYU_GS3'25X$D7FX

Z=



MJWFM8(19;/YZN-60KD/3/7F:'!_8).4XB*1A(T


WO[WKW_9;AX_
M/XO-ZO;5S)N#SS9@`A$


SA(WO]&63X[7I]W=Y:

&23^OMG^N

F1$8Z@U+
V5M&6L


)SW9G1F`9B!^/R6
M#09C4#ZX)XD*]@D8[A;Q):2^$8G7`SF)-3+1O.PJ,&M^-:-E`J'8)TD5D


MC?!2
04LM$5Z
'1SI9Q5V8\*]QC#.:;D1
#8$;'ONVUSX@JV\Y*]1Z
9

-TH!)=1H


M#I9[*Y.P.L'!=+@(7JUZP?$:OD4)/G@7-Q5HR[^`*YI.Z)T*7A$MC:3&6C32

XZ?

2/)HP[U$#E1$89EWL554'0')N.AW

M

=48::R
)@Y]5H&@E3+R!V+
A)COK$B'



E._*M
M7-8-IGU89XOS8*NAZY3L:(`4$#G5@7LJVE@E9F2W.BN57^[=W5BZAK8VR$/H

M7




YYB%3YM+/+78'PA#
N

WS

MN2K;C2/=K?T&6.KN^OO\EOVUP3W5YM/?TNKNQZ6?C?L+8W'Z@X%51@E`.D

N36O+H^2UO+Q)\)DKN5*C5.#25(-QEA#)21_8Q'3
([%2HMXH$L?`
M

2AFSMPCRA*0PG)@P0AD@2-]
M5OQQ:?V91O-6#(J9



AAD?(?C&W0*




M+)=:]EI@.M.6J1!/(Q43X%4MPG=]__#N[FKS:8W__KR^NU\?WQ\.#6DTQN`E




M#AQP+D\)F[IN2B:_YT56G@7

]!^13UK#Q496#N7G





MFA
7CB?K@+..6?U\3Q3$C]=
ZT;7Z]SW!M#;4X3166DCX;^[)[G3E$XNH?.`
M$N04%0)H*UPP4BT789O

M
53*2_#LG+-IO`WF6^Z7MUX@28T)-)^-+Q\KF$`(\XIUUHRPSVPIHXCIKV
M/AO
8-9C^4^.WB?-_$A7)5?3\9NO[@@1@7S2

MFKY[ZN!@V*0=GYNG]2KZE\K9Z8/S^9E8V&M)PA#CBW3/!GW376IQV9P_GC





!#:8

X+??EL
M(9!DQA/@K`\B6$*Q9[4\`(QL:&-?Y/Q2G=@-EAPT_Q8$W


0V
YL]


FMU?]_6I;GO*I5_OH



@LV.PE%.
M!0?!2K
225.!@:A*[%@XL)

K3EIJ&:^#(_Q5S-[+Z%RSL:^K$'9O6*DEL=@E-9V]@K5S*G\=D4D

M





Q]N`EA_
MNC$$/#G4HON\+ZYY

M9@/AQ9

M$`T
K];EX;G/
MDV_E)DBVG@1:@@VS_KY'[/UJ&6.``?;%_CP[Z']K:Z#7;RTL-5A:QSRA0EI,
MB%&BPAB$UF:GVBX61#&1'71#4AHRUA\R?2VQ(^J0C&-B3<2[GO%T$\@!36
MXCF7-G5TP-EEW94F#U+YCKPN^

N
5M@#[NOC

M!8?ALQ;;I-*%=]!D^67^YZ(\S

M#`129`4.)B+4&%`L-9(TQG&IY+S1GAXJ$^.AG.T6Y=U]LS#Z^Q^3_Z[69C'9
M;!H3];I\;@$]M


U+M2I7-/-KL9O5T1R
'S&=/[1
MFFDP]R[XE`))+BF1AE@CC*9`A+MSA0%6
MY[JT9*%WY2



@H


M7\!)#*SZDS\+CY-O[7C\\;DNJ#5CAB*!'!TK`2^4H.I7A:@L)@]G4O/':0

W9.UC%_K7UY7+$\I1`'%DX;/KS
LSU2*35KDY6(5^%HWHZQ
);LO


Y`#REQP0*E@-I*/@XM

M#^6ZWNGW=/38OYJ*Z;SPJ











F#O4XSV(;S1_;.;U=$
MLN1(A^



M2FU:XE'.2%PJQSTADL6N_*&&].[^94G0.4/R[


^?PR8:WO<M5A?8TP!

MBUTM
]9DQ/9!KXRVU9;.R/TSM&9TML38E26_DKR;+&=Q^DSXX_?'I_7JZ][4


-A*LG?W1*W.KX7#*H0]Z-U_$UH)A

S%8QMJ0^C$$7CGTY(_)]&&^


&^4P



_OJ!]0+5)PRE(H
M\K(N]5#

M93'

]D\^
7J[]^7]ZOUXT^U_U?Y




MWGF1N3G_.M5?^X22D2U4(L00&3LGC`2IJ972T]9V[MW.%NF6#/%7`:@$.=I$

MC:R$A/BEOG^HFP6'3P_U_=WM4]IWWJ16WO*_7W?+]=^WI9(X\&9WYR02/9P.



34:W46F6BA4`
M=\PR)Y0%JWT7@QF^LQ*1R[IT0AW`.:56?MYC*]W/#UU#6@#%)EX





#$T
3(R.%]L86(N


_O/OS
M\I1<1N?G[_[Q]W__M[_]Q^GI/\./%R#.9ZL'MJQ`5+T8G/P+:ONP:<Y*[^`
MVR)_`)_RXDOV-3T!MWGQP(K%$_C$;FBVJ)]9GIYN'@76?ZI_^.7GYO]NTI*!


QV

:BH*&(H@;BOYRY
'5
MTR/[Y5V9/3PN:G[.5!R00%R]16L
7DO#[S(H#_'Z^H&Z`5_57VNF%_+;1^H&

MKEM/9M\KMIRS^5H\7SP;9/-?WM5_NEZ5IW=I^GB=_&N554_DIJR*=%9=HX0&

:.(D%280@]JB#J7O=/N6:+4__O.R

EFP
E\5
ML_5L5
-I)NDUPK^O@8#/'93_^=O9

ME=U/3IN?G%IP




;0]UT$Z=J8
M;Q$K$=
YP]IMKRFE&+/=Q/DPL`*@BV
.H
)J%#

]K+(.+R$LJ#DF')&E3$0Q9^*]E0HD&\=*G

M/
BU#28%';G(ENR\EK'R&D:6`RWDP\!V/#=`


J
M`J3JQFL)TD(+_X(-NVMJM(_L
2^J;'G7=_!`BFR;!A.;-=KD5]$KE6!*D5
M4`^[O#6`]/

+]HKR^?+


VA6V71&.PBA$E'1&7.190D(D]&33B5Z7)4@VZ8FQ)%2)&B!(5E!&ZK_;

.39S`#@FM
R*?

Q)J88HQ+V'QS.D*;
MOH]-W`LP9@E\);ZU@ZVB0MOV6SW=[_$.4=5`S\C*JL.#7-M8$=#8#^GL2WK'
MYN]96I4OK7E.;'FV8P61AQS'B6%^Y5!'-D1K\XJF#LM1TRT$)3D0\5&H]K
M[D`
BNGN-

I$Q-1T7A[Q-0*1JXE/.W_.Y#D<]7LV:(O-1I-[82Z+D4$9NZU/+]

5'=S9F
N*J0QZ^Q`Y$H
M)[729/)([G[/]RBO!JHF(
`ZO
BUCA\!.3Y?UC*V;`=1NGAI+216:%L^LGS+




M$WUS0XL0:HZ8J$B.%RQY`343IRF\;.DOF9-SEE-N2FVHLWDK1RK87N@/*5

]F:1T2EI:O$&/L!8'K6$[LX22T(Q1&

M988?&J+ESJ1'A?PL/=J`
%PTZ0X75UTUVAB97.DU'A-[J[.1@\
]7W8O1$?Y
MPTVVWKHM^]-T(HSKF=E/B(MCVG-DCMP+(L;)
@LGAOY%&R84Z8^A
3MG&-

OO7*BNSUGKXM/6W]=DHQ(\]R_5B
M[!'!)ZH65W.&+7%;M80[?Q`3/&_CNY#;E-`+9^H'Q*E*Z@B&9U(\1#/E?3



-`B
MDWE]1Y[`XQOV@W`G)D;CT\:_S3X(?7+[Z9(T\NR9[_-ZS^:X
DD3V`57]R'7




-$
\578]W7NY.7@PF?H^32?24G'B3X*E3PBTM-%MF

UO1R;T3Q!(@\
MH(

MJ93M417UY
5WND$MNR:H/23*TFH\&CKE52H00VOL+D;E=%8I-M/76C7W^/56

MT


G;Z

V^VL4W2J$M3=ZY6AHC$;AR&H1-:?F(U!^'UK=]6X`F]D&?_NC:


67



M^9M.@
2T434V
DTM!H



RXP2((`V]!U






M3$1I`DMG!IU[TZ!ACD*5LC;*EV56


@DR!^J#)J+XEB
M=9!Z+*9;R&CP[7@EHHM`R:
`:#ICY%?+:MKFSH1\3QB84*]R*1'_1O+&%J

M.1M$[9W&





1.;B0R'R\C\HD+U@4EDD`A.9*88QM=\

MW($?_E!H:9X/KO*:C]Y$!&$05]^L'`]%+[=DT#0K_CM=K&J;/;@R3!?-XO;E




M5)*]!D^%5%&9





MLKJ

!K[K()?-()'CXI!B


4IG#J1
M8GHT8=R:J1(GQ4M.D?/!2729G0F.J3O1V7X4=/0H)-M^KW1B8XP!ZE*61*


2]


UH=MB=

M3;/+#CU@\$&''_0.@*







MX_GCU=7I.(4^B1!*/0R]T



M?P1RHXOO7A)Q85PJ
C:3`::*OC+RV$A?)]P4?8MWXQG$P0N#E)(,7*]E%*


MLU__



HENNAU+






MZ!N_DRPZ5ME^1J63\751UWQ=A



M!GIPX$



H6X!2Y$RRA


087*L
MZ
9+&B[HA2)?





Q.(W

M)@5-B

MDS(#Z




?T=1Q




0+N9




J+K(DPS5MLC7@H)KKF



M

M3F#H8\?W

M:H+5MDGV(/EQY#U




M3Z.?%YB445`3`9FKAAKQ[9J*FB-0:-WAS.I'7!?%JMS^;)/=[W6^;?AR)M]G


MIP!UM60FVRLT^.WH#^OSLQ7I&Z8AD.4Y(F

)..I1



MR$M3`0OAF
M




MJW9JA

MXL!)P]0=



M[R'PZMYV];G:%^-1\2%UHY2BC


FV+/5*`]

M?M^
[Q
SS1TX\(\'?SV6R\=3E5CF6_C`$_YJ@''3\\(`?-KEB6ZW()\B=^






M$9I$0JY/Z/4YTC1
ZEWV

M

S%Q2=5ON76AS-4^CA6VD[VYNQ5X4!Q[*
A@Z

M*

0<Z


0VA!WV'
M0I*XT(]IR:?@N]/2]8M-O





4`

9?
X:\


ON`[G7TXOBIP**Y\XS

P`)YRJA.495G7C$T]XU9%Q]1S+6IE;RVJUW=2\



$^9U;.3;0^89
M(#7B[?IQM:EN`.*014D*




S?'_


%2C?%M.
5?!K=BW?N















M%


M=^Q?5:;WQ[7Z_#^'5QU'!2
W2
R3<65.V#6BS:=R-X0\<67U

4XI#

?;YKGQZ?NZ=IO3;G^H4`#4YJ!

?]QJ


M=_I^GP


MFY)(/I9M?^%376U_?#M[D\
4A(B*3O*$)0F#

M]*!V%QDO#I[*B\NDA\H/O*!*PC

M6


MI$BR$(
8(
I`%(%PVFP6A&OFLB8B9R2_23OC=-8(8^6





`<E*V<Q@HHM$)0TF/H$





%O2%8NIAVPUNL@HU/
_E#8X\XTMFX
J\MWM_IS!*



M3&`889Y@%A$8

3L
9PE'*O-@Z(:DVDZ(2[
M3N)SAJ_



^1U(`G

M:`^J!*XL.WNV9Q$\J0AU6;6
73:[SZM=*:=$Q#+0UQ0S@L011&-()W9`&D
M+Y78E^PX3HT*!T)C1X3IP!WOAZME/:$6L3ZH$^0#U[+.T(M=#IPB$[^4H3H1

M[/&J6_\8W5^9SS66+K'8)%:G-UE4R7@61WE2V7)KH]S%%IN`2C/TP77Z8U*3
M$-&
1BG



M1S4_K3;55=TT].4?Y?K;IOKVN7SHDJOF?O-$7RZKV_JQ_-+F6UU7HZMAKB5]
M.?;'/F^:_^N'/*`D!)B3F*9AEM
\R6.

UYSXXY%C)$.#



MAR7@CI\C'



0N&U+:7FV[W



TD6@:8=7U7='^







M=2NCFR@6IXTQR-





^@#(\?JJ#YJI)=;%OYY;Y7XN=_?U^K+Z7C:[+I$GU?J_ZDVU^^_V'Z+N

(




M^MQJ6H';FW+@G:%+R^A[PI*VK:J=+EG+G/CC=\ORT^JQ[-Y8D@@D/
&%

M=

GX6TJ`R!,(E*``C)0H#R?.)(C*#4C4(C`:YO
MF(QZ!4*QH--

M:M/'-48@^3!Z8JY#;7%56.[R'DU/88%`,(8P!@AE&4\;!4`R5122#*IVR$.
MQ/I1[+S2?JYOTP.6JIYNP'=2^93?9GRYY7$XWT'KO!D:^K,M52JYXAB?`



)ABG\!:=9G*$/[^_[!SG6W'5C$?[4C@K

-9SEE8Q'D18X8C2!.^
MOZ5`L\0UWZOJXS'O=Z8$O2W#

&B
M!L!DXD9+WBW'#'

0Q:)

M`^16Y]6'*X\.7X)H.7




M

D%MTHD:?W3='PT8[3J3TBP/Y!$X(N
M2\P`W
!490\&[=$X)DA_:Z5CHLPV58((T]E*^;.5)P2T)QT3V#[9!WUI94X`


M^333WSZ\ZLCQ90+.2+


07S`CB^WB$_A@?-
M:_.D=0#\2_O.Z*
MVCA=L
M7)CVAK1-9.*;HG]]E%P?$K0G_^=-N=PNZD^;VV+S?;5H3X$7$8EX)%2#/Q51
MG$5^%
NQB




MNO[=U24_


6



H(QY0'ZG#^7+!N.$HS

9%`4\3FL;<CWA


M

RK2(T=&Q@U5G1
S`

M








L).T
03MD2)GR
M#AT9@Y0UZ

0+
MZ#`0[7[TZ?YI]=#D02\`$@DPX$$297X4)AF1V
(.8)P'H/-WAD
U7OCI(DZY
M!^XP[O1TG?V0






JHS['/N+I&
()&`S'L
MXXR)ZV(OTS0ELC]]^A?K+!Z+Y?9)ID6WC_--D<Y5'G64(+&-Q/70MG&F/PZ_
M^3S_H?X_]M=\LVPO/\$\]4C$:9CRF!),2<B


*(L

E





62U\[8%;;JD9]TCAHHV
MH#-@6F=

8TRC$)
M@C!+`S]
^7[M4N:+H`8=T(


&*/HSVF!$@M8J^ONU.IMU];TX[@Q3

ZZOL
%]




XSP6
M6:8VL028

P2M5

@+\^7\K0
M=-B;WJV713%)DR3


-.)_YN1VN^O2ENWXD*^[K6:RV.B2YGV6A

MR]1/)#6V;=7K5G(7I
$[`HO-]]6B.(WA;O[W[KK
7+)SEW*_9C)_P6)8+/


M7_G#NGJ_;E=^_BA6#X\R&++OQ6;^4#3_
9/1
9^O-K_/G[;%S
.
24NR!!..






M&

M?#=^&D;:IXQ;'=1QQ))8=PW7:(?V'3K@?=UXW4`&]!#:I?]Z:^9HS

BQ%LB




MYLT_



ML23\)9GWIDWCCL\YOT

)

MXIGA+_TQNQG70D#5ANTIM--#J)9LGKJOSZARL=7:5LFE$
P^D!^:J-U(H\Z=





\+83(
M_N/\X=K+2835K25_+Y_J9E]M[[-JM]K4NT-3?BZ_[9G4ZJ];RA
0



MKQ\?RZ;=1/GONOE+ON==]_VV:TLL-O)_K;?OMNO#;M\\?RJW._F?XK!=_U8^
M?BF;6R0(Q@R))$(X`QR(D.(1GTAM[W5:CSQ3[QA(T$;2K9F?8@GZ8(+OH@FZ



H#+EZ8I-B]L?;S[T:6/=Q^?

M7!;
YZ'G
J$/['N*U'?!_J%\LSZ0/QIC#
8@.W!]%V8PQJDQULSX'%PO)GZ.

M-0J==\7CA]ZM%PZ_^JMVV:5W@811NPM/
D98G``(*1R67#@40&F%UH==ST7)
M._I;


M-
Q'#]



NJ]M\NZ_VSY^+;^_6






_GW^[:G<[LI;`CLOQ%*99E<4I%QO%8

MP*)8W;D^SF7]D%HS/TY![2\U/CFMFI4Y*?V=LO:0-DO4S\5HPQC-$&TCJ*L6
MT')]6!T_1XPBD*68Y-(RY[*63SD7@WT`0Y=MH.I&YR?QR5FWW:`:PKO`K2?-


MCKF(Y'53H2MQE&Y
^6/U(-_335G?\?KQJ=Z6LJ8Y_KEH#[S[6GXH]^^VJ_KQ

M'_ZK]SV0S@='[_O/;8


MC%A&LB3-AL-A44SD8*XS-W=F=


M8717:=_2O_SJQ)XS#69L=IX.%0!KRG0&M;[$7@!4O856^W]6-4`Y&EE_*N0D




O6



M330M8_



C11IVUPW`(=O3/LJ#734HU=


MAVE$0&
IX0


PE)

$8S*E2


;P06Z&(FA3)%VTMS6:ON'

MRO9:I[9OMW5O=Q.T[@6]=YJD
]10C6O^Y=.CF*ER7JCUIC@7&&4GYD*(9!E$


7

M+`$)#!D?MP!@1K!;2%J[LPRW@1]($$727N72'OGZ^O_S3ED[;/IBL3)M(+




M




#+@N;#I?-(L6



M9AT&

@M
71$8T
%)
C0J^Q=*CPTFGHSO!O[4._?O$H'A#DPO`L%%P

M
&.`)&DJ0L)A2E

ME5^-5G

/V&AE]!J_X^Q[A$A/YKKCTB*6`@$@$%
MF30MF2UX-!C

%?1SE

Q_-#S[DP@I5[48]OK'^7JT%1[B</_+(O-_H$7S726P)SDM


_D6T._I+I;:P_-E@?BQS:(W


2FKAW:ZL?
M7+)%V]J6Q:PN27I^_8*D2,FQ).-..-,/4Y-NQSC?^<!S\.$*BK+DF#!,8,53
MF@P0(.-2J]`NVO4O^0/0Z/-V]D5^[YL3TM6=P??QL[0@^UG+0;6![PVS
*8



MG7*]FN\VV_5BMAQ*%
RJ..
D!BRCC
(*\Q0.(```4CMEW+0\A?N
&`T$T`+G




@36C
DF%

4L`J



E:0
M*H4)'Q?X
U!*SYX9-N-8_'MT_676^KIO2N7;DN^1136UOT@CM;
BFO\1X9
MU9-W

MA#R'E#

6@FE<=$*%6OFWQ?-B6\\_S=;;
ME?CGQ9?Q@L\XH)6K&)Q5C%(4)EQ-!;F)832YPWT6W`L3WM@T3$RA6+.@+FW
M2V(_I*D)T2F^=*I@`^+DZU\_!.I5OII$RI2\9\
^4^R:TQ1`F6LAB
9FSU&0



*Y_LTW^W3_*5-Z6R?TGI



B
MX6+$

MQZ#H*2G#)_+)!M:+1.LI'R&33G6O+.?8(LPZBJBITIMW(RYY%6-8$S8]2)




M8C(`(0*E`V%5:-VQKAZ0N%%7%9ZMBJLCBIUJJTPRIA36`SYS7=7(S_N259T`


M




M&IHHJDIIE[K*[W6L+!T473%1XD=.05Q1HR8;LJRX.2Y]H./.@0%8@F:$'_

M&5`[MF+6E&.-Z-!%+^`-#\O_\ENSV?Q-5S]


M4)+'0V
9!TKW

M%
[QN&UOJ@[C1BJ
M]VT3W=71<1S1MRZ0EY?VM!?Y=]VB'`4Y-YY`M_VZ9!R9U+@_%1ID_?HD-*G







MWCK3M+6JC;S:*&*]]J]WXN03D:-;]DZ00OF3*/52_-?'7T5SZ]FR131_7JP6
M(IXN
O;]BRC4QPWQL$2$T+)*(4D1JTC



M4I0)CDG



I
89

M16D*

MO5]9D]I^VF(6`%^6NUUMFU08B0%#P3/4OO_`4#P.)&)8(K4M*E
@=+X5I0LJ








MI\*9%E7-@X;).$MUX*;B+FY)$W%


FOF
@GXZ0NX5YL##W'O#RV+R-5%47O,[@46?#&X+N6
M=0^=L%=Y=UP7V=5TYDD[VCMP\&GY47#Z`!(9VHB@C0@L@LH!P5G/(*IBRN
MQC%-46+NV`G0.]G?^QTZAWL8$J:P4U#+#6G=[9`.G=?X@/%^E5_U[N;T2
M

H_%(X/?5NIXMVZUCP\ZP
M]F67X8*A4UNJ#]
2.4II%61L@SDD,`B!2/4A%$K5TXQ.?8T5L-G!^N.7OL
M'UM:-MUC2Y:LUFGZS.PTE

&`&


MGKW:TE$W\&UUUE(?I

&&`

$EO[6$C4!


MA'&84#'T%!@'6!4!2O?MN\8R_=C0^^V_UM)H+JJ^
VA==-_=?;R2K&MJM\U\
MO@-MMQJN@O;;IUG:&S[?/]7SW;+^^/!KT\R_+9;+F[;9V[)*6!&S)$&
H33+


Z`U$RXS`:N[U
4GDV#_-;(71_?JX?VYG/#_7S7;V^35#.TXH4






M0HS+.


0
M-#N\!Z9PEH(Z(WDV*9-:[N\TEHD:=/O7AWK[U
RO5U_K?7O[U316D#S/``
`



G8T%-EB5WVG@F5V]K0?F+
OL1GB;BC/;$RQR&
!^!9O1-$XZFN+H]W2C


M!0*5-=
D+-63/'I/32G#JIE0:Z:;CQ_3FJR]N7L7SD_]SN;IKV;7AVO]R*

M

M2_D_HIQ_@+

M

#R3J8
E9RH7#Z%V
MUX

M/]GZX@Q!T





4DR#%ER(M3!CV_M\T2JK0ST(K!87NI)IU4+7U







MTF&5&!/%.*-*2(J#-%4SU`1Y[-2H$B`M`)T&U^&^N:XL*;U:%!V]'!8O*=

0!1YDS
]I
M#M-.OWP8DY%*MHR$\B.5:L'W,V#P/NEVZG\PIC)G1)ZN-
T+I37IVX.E'A

5-[TV5LU#)Y:$Y1
DDL5@-D)/\H\GP2$)Q
M';.99`CG;E;3#@7EHUG'[=BJ6N0=_EFQ_5JTJ8


B:2E44Z+3[.G<$V=(HWPS].GHU&MX;D2K3#?R


]2EM
8







M#LK!0(WKJ+SBIGBJMN_8[CD]ZW,)VQZ^UHF9_


ML.X'D0_3V(
(Q2Q)8XASUMZW$I(@95#IT)@EDX[+@C\_X8_7]..[_P(?Z=6G


_



FZJU8'BQ#Z*4T2
M+R`T]C`WFIPMTA1IK2)Q\



MM$A]X
]#L=T6J]8T?Z(NMVW7P%7;T/I#L6T'\2*#%


?(AW%TELMI?`

MMX+8_=%
!=59UE$_IP0;JEZ'#1S`G57IGC
EK7#:%
]2V?2]&54T0Y*DE2RK

P3U,(Y[TT$826TYM&G/L:9U$!U5=E;XEA.VJ:E6




M+9M%&C

MHH.JWLK0#N=RJ?8
=*MEX('IWX^8?@H2[%%.WA11AKJQ34-VN9^)M-GVZH?.


M@C



H


M=7
_AWD
1F1ZR@C/1




M*_B'/$&%:03].

MS9+_213XCU5=MN_I'&0!]4#84WVG



%B?%W!T95.+C2`
^CE+_2!%
M.$;$2_H7UQD)D/5E(073CI.(D)6;#HJCBE^68KNUO@-VG5;Y+=XYJ_B!5`NE
MO6)T?B(-UO%.LYS7(M&J@N;%:G?3KA;\N5NNR]NR6'W85OO/L/C;92/F&LA'



X0?XR
R/CS)#*F8PI
0-XZ7?+3IQ<,XF]EO2`IKT=/^%V$8R\T/.9/]B+B=IA!UTCKM]X
MG!AQ`INJI.D3*3DGFH)#Q1F0'GUN9CLGZ!F;VY@R.A-E
O?C^;S%#C%&&G3-
M?R*O'I;E9D&XXGF!GVB9^%*1*W9^VMXEAQ?=S
U%GTZ`((A.!SA]&&+JF0


PN.%4L``P(9Z*!%IM

M7I[K`+UR:X@MIB27VYR2I+BX=L2/NBK8NI'Q&1]CJV;:W



Z5N[+M7&X$9#!@!BWH]#[E]R7P.''3016Z&@6-DWC\


MW*



29HD

MY%N/A`X&89JX-VV(LQ'0@%3__PE?4

)!E&`B


MW##L
:P0MQV7K(VD<F0&$0D*SBW%::FQV
MXNNYX.R.8*WHG*Z+WS]^9;?Y?GNSOL[WM[^6ZZ(UA]
PKB?X)AB$3/F9UG4
M;S(A=`-O&-L.(ZI%;1J/V

C5&QO[`<0.J_?TG
(T?!2=
MDVWJ[YEZ0Z7L
KR0#66G-'8T6]*T;B#D6ZKSH15')!$I$&
@L)B@7)4-Q9





VBD$'#R

M-





M&P'OF2AO;\OB\[&\^?WS][5Z

]8
M&
F`#11C3$W435%#]&J

TA0%(?)#



+
M].G3:$V/JFED@&L


[4R


TH%TI[[Q-03=CAD!\/O6:E210CS-1?


M;*J_R3_NMS_6.V7TP(Y\O=\_;HMO_UCO[O

]8:3Z1/




M0=H2=5G\4$\O]X_*U$JM;R0)2)JR
.-^$`8)09T-D:9:]]D9/=BQ!'58MOG4



':@%S9Y'PA*F;5I=+=*SJFUKA2(I`
MR%CBD$:IE(1)W!F)@JK?J#RN=P8UQK-/!NE8#T+_VUSUOXR3+!3!H5%JR2-

MES?BJ$S)AYO=?;6Q]6]EN?ESN]NM`DI0%D81QS)B2IB'EG.P@34#'5BD'G


'*JEV/&Q;S#+2!2+
M6#!D8C3*!)1TF4H1`84U'%NS:CC/.($9UVJ




&$4*1&+V]_GF=0:Y

L$'Z_

&&28X(D]H6
XO[30A10V/[A21`YUM.JB_JI

`%N\9_L27[N@M?ZX+5.U)M[5%;Y+

MOL#$C[MZY$X2=V^N7NHADHUXX/RGZN#&RNUP]OV^7(Y]*GB+&
!I+&
LYZ

)DN.=287NAK=41
M3[
)[#G*!K33&ML+D45[_I2.7DN3C49O6V0L0(GT
T+2*`R#C-.H.PJ/9FGD

M($?_THW\]J[





M7(\B$0\8EH*$21+ZBP_UE6A:9!24-N[F84)4ETE&36JZ\HO;OUWOM1(;OP
M@@O?][WU_?%[N=_^

M&+ME')X2/Y']H?04)J\&-4
^_(J8

MWEVMMYO+HNT0.\&PFC&6)1&D4IY@H`E5%GF4H&6II;






M6H!3'VI\GK(!1;/(]T(4S:9'I;.7$[Z+NK-4-Q8H$;W;Y]^K'L\?^67=-_AK

Z[W?#FD<\35H%8:9%D<9YGP8T9#P9+^NY,@.(/L#=X


R93=J]8'8Y9
MNU9F3]%

MA''MJU7-'N]N1K4E\Q[2?#VV[W`S
)O&LKF0233:C5?7HMJ@!3AEJO)YIEQK
MIN=O^?%[N;DL?JBDH]YOL4H3@A+$..
$ATBE'S+JC*
@8G)5Y-^J\OPUY/)G






M/^KC2KH:'HW3T
\2EH2$









M=5I++?;9@2S*3W['2V

M`Q59'%A;H&1^HZ=W/#S0[FJ_VJ^M1?UYV9;W\TM00(@#6&8)GE`LCC,LR;





M.**PB/MQ-9V;ZGG/5494^7X[R&U5Y[_2\G$3UZAR4L1=3C1AX!H53QJX
B(*
M
\G<(O($4`1CX[`1;T<0WQCNT%
MYEJ1(_WEAFD[V*1*#3G5SG/6N&!BD%U0*WZ\&M=
CJTRVO&`]35WCU!521D'
MD*IF?Z.IBPC`]-.JVVY6ZS]7/;D_5NMUWU]PMYW:0TF4P3`FJ&=V[(
!_D.
MWEEN%]S*35B&*Z3;5YOW-#U)_L\?/VW##K4]#R/6VM2BF'7*17Y06Q-33D@
MJZG*@^93`AQ!M!;-'$U'C\:S9U)`-VT*MMR?5'_N5JO]T4.F%$0!,@/?5Q





;3Z=

\]9IW`5$A%Q?

IV-)2$
MLJ267%`^ZO@Q**LKY0*4-7C1:.T^RB/EX;BSO^NJ:_O9?EI@DJ-^:![2(@EB
M!(-=FS#E7D6DW-!BH^;Q[+?!2.4!H(BPLD-H0YKJ&D@O):?JJ-J0K+K'UESR
#[(44(N!'T=QFFF1<
M)ZQK:6BQ8;@DEI2%E1V3&])4U\A\*3E5A^F&9-4]6-='^3,J(W<)<1S@?+:




'\\F;
M[H$]\

MZ\UT`+&$MV3LC:PX-!&?$TL6%^T.CJQY7%:#QJ'G4S#;H;Z![]LU6RX^%+M(
M\_UQ4SZ4=5O]*/=WU)/Q0VP7X4/_[);M1?VI[)BCNQOL#[UK\_O[\K;K/W)Y
M?[WZ=1-`D$*09]@'($;`#V!*)^
1!AD627]N6&PX'QXXZ37C!8Z';GK5X*?W
;2X6'HQ]<&3SST+J;0?QA#O_?3
MFQQEVP%[/[PAKXX?\Q@QGV?3?N8S.CU\NL^9O=^6
Z656)Y(G6[U)4=RJ6.B

9\3G4X%#NO53@J^E=VB_]W-PP!L]\$87

@QZ]N'\J[+9NC
ML?33U.R&^\O[

*[Z79/
U;H:RGW/;,*D2)(<!#$N?))&-,D#.-N4^['0`-ZH(1:I
MO[/^$#


/







MQXDBB-


M[K'WL2K;?]
US3DOW=GYC$;UG9JXZ/3KU1F*=N%$]LULMN5A'1/5XX+DPQ]]


(E#$=@-B,%F=!?MUM

1R@ZEH&*&_H*PGZ&XJ0([0






+H[]%M7CK421+5T

VSK
Y6/K/C










BR356S(\XAMVP1[8
M(W!$K`853P/0OH`ZB


M'B`MM0AU

+'O-!F:P:@B4+64L!TLA;Y:!8HN]9985`




<OW&<NHP$)X3^67)SN!($EI4@L:=9]-
<I;<WN\`Q



2
M7&J_CMY@.L)K:^YR[^HQ(;

N)

7N[(!9S4YW#$K(:

+&.92VQR&=0MM$\.]
M[6\`P[V5FC$L$K


M&8%%F
(HCJ(4AJ28[4



M2C!T]7&T.-B02NT0C-;^ZGTRE2342E0FJZ9VO!O0

M2N+0%YBF/DV#B.^4G6+&K#S_JF1QT%?8^#)W!TDN\0KS=P#5*#7

0[

G\;T$8Y]1/XTC

SG.CJ75(CRZ-[SH
MI(RF49BL

11%
M/9O'/[0T**6!Y5U7*.$IMR&3ZFR/?S!)

=[8])S)+*S4



W68&V[NC'

MT?HLT2@`C`-LG
)`TS!P6:YN_M*\0K![HV*Y1?PTLF188;9'/L:-W$2D9&2G






PSX3)*2#U`/(-/3A


MOW*-($`JE7M]7#[=:MN\:O*[4HY\-9M2'CH%0`5B^.MA1PZ(WO-A(($9

]-+^6
MG[G
?L]2AV
O3!TG%@$E`?5CQN2




E
M)GL4%28B$]%4(.?*
0:UHJZR[+YHMAGSK
X7F_+PUZIY4#).TDA@U_'DKV[`
9^E)9'FH$U=]R:3!_=O.E14?OF?_6U9LF=7UP:Y5FM]7^7Q3
MS?)YY)&F07%N.-Z+/82KX
7


M^8$05`@B
*=.)'-=W-D+@C1640-M(\#*T.%+3!T@$Q1)_19'*89HQHIA\Z









M`4G1XL^5]'=1-$
J6Y[)

+\KNH9SP
G-#E
M(J*N*YQ`\

[G



MS/.:S/_Q4%3Y(BWOLF(UXY'O.B*

XNHX9X
M

MN;Z7

M5$7M6['*F[687'_Y;HAQP6&P4B(JS9.-D@B5.B=*@.P/R4*F4_&]AM106N
M(J80&





*\.!5_D07.758P`E\J#TCZ7Q4K@_O.(_
D&S(<HW\AJUO#Z$E/'(=0GV!!9&_];V`[\XR

F_@LGG%

O\_$(=7G5&
#5Y0'I

MV&!-1







\0P2*/.1NAPI5
W
M2C\86$

XEN

MO*RR12ZMGZYO\XK




M1/32LE
EY`!6U








MW=7_;G9)^6.*WI@Z+'
[@6O(-KTI00:@\N64PQO.37\Q.:3RU;S(7Y4[:8I=

/^:KA_P\GY<WJ^*M6SHD]#T<

_(#$(9'_.!'M

MYDX)



M[1%5L.A

V6P#-%+T!Q89)AQXQ6K$46
.
MW&#(2G#ZBAQ'&@83F8N.YOZ[[8J.$09;

MU@
-`B1S=VNJ)A7949\^39Q&@T##XWQC'U.?@0YN&3

D5

MCO50J)_T6^7U@5

MZT8$H`GAX_1UL=XJU5:]*FGY]_SY:[Z:.-PA7D92YM(DC1
193]I;8?4]6!=
M0T8M*PJNSGD#MUF_-#R62@]O%&A9;5E*=W@F%J=(1;
6=?U.L.:@Q;:FEX



M(NE.MS3I4Y




^\[6XI



MD4B7&5\.6WN9(PC0@GLJC.P=]9S$E'D\8CSR4\\+$DHS'+2&
`O\R4N^*LKY
)$3$.%^@'6BW0]E/)5
M75Y[T?MN9Q
(=/;QJS
MVN&]0M.ZDP?X1$EGKA6G-?WPV^$=Y1XXU*!##;RKIJ7F$,I[CK!+HFJ$[#'I
MI1F'CDFA0:J,J%PS?9MPXC*767%+//)'5<=[L;/4X9-BQSBE:'UKFF=C.H
M<ZIL=Q<ZDPS;4;K[^3V+G4-($VM`_+]X@=U.`VFF1!9.[ZZIZ/2*QM_E?
M]4^JB8?#.






1!AV



M?[/2^UBNFK-

N@!1&W*U
_3]4&=WH$ZK:=.

M8##F];*N0BHI`H(.2?RAQ5^1Y!4[/A56GXP.^^;K4\L3;B?D-0)')?1Q$TS
MGQ./;9?=B,O`+P`T;%A.+C4(G65]';H`Z_B6F=)8N-\@^C?48+I%ZCK:0=P

E
M4CL*WQ7:GLQ!FZ


QFT^4ZG<WD,:H:
MUZ*8%7FUNQ2<27C-(C$?V$6)H31R'=3XKN8^%X(NXC)D$G;&WX___Y[^NF_



MR+1ZXHOR+]9\4*5?J_5J.EM/J$MY[



9C[/`HH3V.@X@FM$7F

,,)ZP'/5_)93JJ6^$(=5+D0\B,_;0!9[$5SNCJJT$9RV$=S<JBY^Z[$)


MSE:0U);F1A`?(SFZ:VBL+

M+#=]I-N-3==S^40_%G(+6EI5^6XFD2[G-^+C8E&_WQ

M?N*Z!$=N%OANXD=A1EJX01`E0R4V,9?,[OM?3A@B@,]_WG.5N/P2B2G=(3
M
/J

M?%JLFIN#*(D925(W#9TT)C)Y\VT)RCVN]8ZM/W26
]_M\5:0!O*5[:AI9ZH1

PWJ34



[)6Y;._?2N__^?&':EJ?OL7*6C^GJ#M

MZ(BG)_8






L\^MU_EQ-')\1










Z)-4`;




ME!,'?G2RZ5NZ&89:9!D.&)JEWQ8-&\[L^T=:=_BKF]EV%'+?3-MA0DT:
:



P)I

0YQE240P=RAI;9`X5-YK!_YBRW):




MHQ)-XO)HFBXUA92F340DWW'U@$[.(64!4CD+?JUG;$@(YJ?NGC:CH4F7\\Q+




81QYB(OX5=810ABDLJ\CZ')I.DY
M=H\2C##9LP8&H']IP0!2K;F
+KZ/9XDS4BTY5Y_-LI$W8



M3[3IRMLMO:P[VN9L2(WK6KRC_[FK*(LO'.$$L0LAOUD]\U$2N%&(L#?!R5
'
M[^591#80$:H(
]=O`*/.C17P.?RJH70#F`N`^`.Z$S#M`)@-UNHRYE!C)
M=_

ME^E/7SYS;2^[DK9\640WZ?/XN7;\8+N*7-=%3AZA($HA\MW8S_?+(QA#J7TO
MTU@





^R$
O0+&7^X2@


MNNKNVQ7'0!SBAR3';I#G?AAX






M!CJAAWVA&V`

MKP*IYN27]S=8$2=.DQQY)
E]/\.9BUE6Z
%`'!`L=&;?+`+SXAN;%E\QI@UI



/
\_=3P)0D4G
Q
MDS@
S]
FZ%IW



M9ZZ3



219[

M[ZJ^!VZQ[G9%4_;]\5K9RZ+MADMXN;#
2
DM*JXXO+KJ:RO#Q257==LUML;
MRE_T`Z.#@'O87H!73HZ?_\[-:0+T_=P:'


MX]
G^R-C(7GA/+Z_G9B=*P#&


KP!-=%1/:
!@)\Q@9T(I8%<IFOP_.1I31L-FC*<WK`()[O/ZWNZV6WIIR_Y

M*9.D*:)BR

?H#!$3!Y`EB`
MP=X7





S6'Z

\[&YW15MRII_^JINR[ZRODIR/\P\`F

MN9

M\I1D_H0M@4&ZJN@=/YA\
SN[Z






M!3T^;LLU/V+
^Q?O.O:CC^5#.;SLTZY@E










`(G2SR9W*';MN$L\0(7?(\73(`OP`#Y


B=W
^B3


HV8P)ZV#Y9I




M




-IER
M
C:A`R


M18-J43*35M/3;'FL//TNGKI;AZ;J2'*`(.



?U):4Q2$@:(


K8TY2+TW!+$6K30'FSF4;-%L


%X0``Q!

]]_0DSFH]I383D6
MRK-_

M`Y%R$$'(``LRFK%A7$Q(JM:KU'`PQP0_NVKI_=9H]%J1JFO(Y@[++1=/:JX:

M'O8-_!J
LE2IC9+^*

_:
XLG4TL5P


8DKJ*3Z[B

M



O!^.^`SE#9T9P$X

*%


MS.N$*P+



MG*KNB:+JV:RREZX
50?)D:7KO'E1Q:R#E#ABKK*OH_!UEZ7%4-AAB*]P[-I.

M7;%NSF@5?^1SOB]6
:$P#!*.4!SR$&$*8SRHR5)(+:#95


MFONR6


M9\

M\B



]FC$







MZP+:*MF/J7)X(2I.+7X63[:'QX=^$.1S@G@

(484!AEF(3#(%F@]KFHVD]V
M_*#HQ:CB2=


$


M8W^IB[O'S65Y5ZQ`3'W&`



?75F)JV+;5+R(]CADX-0R%&#WPJ


;V\\P29(
MP@*V,+N.L)KLBE:LP1L)^Z=?B_7CKMR7Q3`:`!!@R@G,@C#).$H#H;1`L:4

U)Z&UJYD+K;-(K*

G$A4#&+H;)X52E
X=%&W(S;O.FTWZU0]D
1'F4T





MH.I9/%K$.L[:8@I=UW&^*H8G


;5T(

DQYF/2IU`*UR2
M]=2`3`[LM


;#6$W;?7V.2`XP-4DT:QHM
M[W1HXL`V0Y[




7RP9J#V;N?K65!?7U8?M
D*<2779=2YB+LYV`30%U!.7K=9TQO

5^G.]
61P9:S1A

PKU?F




M(QPED1\*\M$P$B5=/T82$:9T2*;2#YZK@D(/U:-XR%\][NM]OKV5WX^F9Y]Z

^4LTH&F`T


8-^PM-!!:.!U





#K4



M4A;LE



O


ASC+@^WZ8@90'
4XP43M\Q

MJH:VH[YF]GIP5TCL3M^MO=\&E9.?.R!CW0CE[%J_$-)9#NKE404.+%/^V.0P


PS?-]NBT3-X7067CYIGU@-`]C

M^R?S_Y-W;;N-XUKV5_0VW4!Z((J41#V2%-4G0*HJZ
KI&:`P
)Q8281VK!S;
5M=/





M+
=)KL
37&\!#;;@I!X@UPM/3F






M5LR:MO?50K@4Q%GE2X]56/E'PX)D#J


4@3A$#&%*.QBDT-Y$:L6V8[7L
M@)T%CPVT=E&N[



0$T822&







MPE+47].0L3#2V7*@96CXK0?F%]#I



MF(
.M*K..8G$\2F%
8.@IH&GR+_\Q


*WFFC^-

_WIH^
R=&6H#Z78JI^#R:

M8



MA$9YR



MS^M#'




M&90;)`]`GIK0ZO#F9+#\-C
'!LR&5'HR:#;UHK;:OHS5)J\?IM5B`I`8EHOB


MH=ZJCZH?1_5'BQB%JP
VALH966UMGR]6ZV5;-6]++1Y%


M!2F$.(W3M+
.TRA4DSTK)ITK7X=R\Z[W6=``#5JDVW/C_8-8SX-W3AD&#_9/


`


GI




L!?C^;TVTZW8MEX':^%VT/E]PN/ZHS$=
M;.+;5MOZ@.-\B^0XG2BW&\)1\F\+^K

M4J4G+


M]9[(;_K=Z-]TB_2$Y6Q0_5(




M&?=%2$=+NKI-ZS\B[VJ3

MM_7U0R7:UJ/1TJM:V_F/2*J*E`R:2G7-4HW2W
\\3P@-
^BF&8%AC`K
M(`!)OW5&H+=^)-
Q7L=I6$#;6\]]W*#KA[
';F?Q-\'\ZU/4$\ORXK6TF;4
MQMU@ZZ_,S=[^MA8'ISX]:C4#'`(=H/58/1=J%AW38Z(#M8U3.C4Z%4ZAT@'

M6L88'8O6I?C^?;

M3UK6VL5I)RU[--A)6I;#
OX[D)?+\G%:S?CF/(3X_7;`L/G9!)



;
M[63+P.W

ISQN%N5AS\18;'6G70




9A%.5)1-



M


MNG_%`LV.]IA(

L


D(H2V;/J6)L.+KEM[]T)
8UW42W*\W7Y
ML)H4+(T(C0$H(


MLH0@GA+.Y
1XPS*W*G8
^QWFV0!'


M430Y4X




DHM'DHO+94R



9!J]3J.M#:;T$S:8

)IF++T@3Y[5UE7#A/^II_9&G-\0G07<8!Y;E=Q!_

M(3B

C`Q-#$R



IF\54^


M'L`$'HC;]UIE

M/WIS+T%R&



M:AOFPG(WK4KX//












MP*)L_5!J\NA+3H]`R^6O^)ROAP_H'@ER6@3BEI8*_^I@4780&EB(/Z=\4EC


8






SV-$F=4SO`;^[//


M;+34&HZ]^CZPCLR]J#

ME[DH)%,,[7:RROF^J^)




/RP02&T0^=?

\T^UN(8QCGTGWU\S@_!*2-L3Q\
M=]^-6!;SM:G_F)0RO;Y9/@KL

V#@F@8$E'B-?`;$IZ@F


3.HWLH0$
MM


M=]0I$V+(((]`EI!H\;&*2OQW'

`HCKT9J7CEUFY*

M4STBK@$
0EP
N*@N\

MYO
VL@'P
244$Q.NIV]DAGW73\Y)JY!23#5.;9T49[=\R.2+34A-:@781&80



MZ'''VCCS

M94%

MN$8FPZ'XA.:4`SHT5PVDEFVEY46X$AFP+PI&@6M:MN/S?P;!(48V]M=.&'!M

MO3@



\+/;OE;35CD)
M?.@@Y`';
_@$CZ%GK-6?]$[5.



M0+?ORAB=NA8-`*Z^I.




HD1)
W]^A/&@X
#1]PT+0)(!RO]*'Z]%`;'`Z;M(P.J
$UK?QCSKY



MHZEOT2$Z%!FO^O%+_-A51]NJ1J%MA
1`MN]3!`BRB$77TKK4Z'OH\@B3?P97

IO0(^(KX+X'\8[PUI_!M4D9REJ.



M#@WYE&1Y4:])ENN




A`1OO.-$<9PE1K/?IB




MD(13I'7K@Y(RNS'



M,P&=A#0?MMO'?H39CPA,6L*=!%@1PCPSV(#&)4`94<IS#I<4RR9($Y5$^

VZA1$C

V65$5PRM2]*0X50QI*398#F
M%1K@(;%488
]\


W?#]%Y7_-[`E+%2





M(J8]F@$$5Y5=.!@]YR&

MI\3M_SWNV^TU`'VJHCIQ&Y^R2861;;7_N\


M
Q'UE`OG0!.!`JK@`-\:
#34




M(RGOLXN87YZ2.==5.CL.3+U:.T^WP*F8T`-$`B$%]=1Y[J/U*QANT`.&YT:








'IEYDNQ!
X0SP4&9I8+R`S60^P5P1QC9RT66+-V@2
K

&$2
M

M2ATF!BBE+5(4*ZV;^:5^
U=(DSSY=LX^[8?H_+

<F,V:8`90#A#!5'D$A6U2X%==45GIP9IR'91$;
M9E/5DK%QVSRA@;S]:+!6.F0M876&-8:IL<[S;+@6(%?YF
SAE$^SD2P!!]L

M3
D7^'IT7(OFMN_-QF1!KU=U3%Y'8^?0N.%YH![B5)U4DF!44*U(&I7SGMQ
M*?O.D'6H


_#?;6
(2-Y0RWACOW!%R1RGF6Q`=#L


-MQ!XY33A`)*-:H]0P`)G//E!DV$1CF3!D)

#XE3$

MNMDTA#/LNONSYNZ8

UAFK&%1`6





M+9



\6S'@;-HFE:






MC)]SZ/!K--*X.
\W(A(CB`AGDEDD08


M!JLHUQ]WB^7F*26






I93I%U``LEA-.VM=&11-G;X`Q]:I


M^FJ&QL0D=!L&]@EI]Q:C:)+UY]V!AP0*N'*IQPW0#CM'D9-!A5ALM
XLVW

R#.

L[0=R:N-U65RO/56_.7S6*U
MC5-^YV(^YS&!6*ZEX(9RJU(:K$6BT4


MMV(SL3[&(.&(@LAP^35+(D'2?.^^;+=?W*3(F$

M/F



M\_+\#W



M!&(?DG+9`(@^?=#=



MS@CB\N(9C'7*.L%N.W?=RN(
;*I7F3E%4%!=
MDNUW%7UIO<QY'$DL9=?)\)V8=.








!NF%9&W([CF43FJAR]X*'H+A


$8TU3E\N9

MX6

M92V0HTU*3B?=FTUZQ9LNM:G/7%U9P9$SCHH')84E6:9&+NX(6?PGV5FQSWR2








M%?'I`P`$@RR0)!
:T7YW



M
BZW32)*08IY-4
3WR
S:N1()WDH/KS38`;


]6Q1WLU';^[BM*3

M!`B+K)5.XH*H


M3QC$]E6)H@LJA1A+9]OQ89VFD\%MFB-+?;R;VM-K*P(FI`6X0$=EBK
5X5XV
M\B`1I26V
]R5&YDF8T%Z#L4.T9B$BV:T0`6HP+O&XF)Z5M!F9(DE-&)H.!


Q1H\DFG9?0A=/3)FA#YN(










99-`4]='M
MPA


0)-$/D/ES6F]5NO3V22'WV^LK%
MD+Q:
F



MOLYC%(:='O#AENR51S(B4YY+'[V1
EJ3EK2TW69S@9=:L-D7EHQKP4X(^4C6

M.6/9M9.C/T6X-D'#3!*X5=$[Z9Q(4BIG%&V$CIZ5NM)S:L



MKK?^U!ZDWM5?US=?W];=6QZ\^)3*
25HI`ETGSOKF@@J-
AK7MQUMKMOG+IY

M

MJ

SR%L208SZ0`P/OO
M4W&;_

M1ZGD;$&=+X:HMNO!TWYHGE=F7@.!*(1RGJ&EFM(4)C6RQ6!*IP7
OH9C3(-2

]C6NAY%;DR!H%;0O$.8N_017]TTW&N@5^4+
0\V2S&B)$0




M0U9HY1N[Z(6=U=?3'SL-AA







M:R%%M(3Y0*
ZI@!%$L
M]U




MP22W+'
!U)TLG'I;NDLRP[AV?&8


)V-M@^[P=$.'YZK@F)X




`\A`4-@A0N/FK\'I+LW04ZG1Q.]X




M
_UAU?8JF0\]I7!^E1\ZU*A

M.

1



MN-Z3
NY


M68A?4.J(=0&7L[_C\+_;U:.G?Y:Z@7=K.%5-P&Y.+V:BY]?_:J]OTD'K*G[T


+?&QELGJ8\=?]
M5
7W@QK&@
5%




ML
%!(F

]U9[V7KF
990`Y!



F7#MQM
I?4:




[;T*W#VJ0YP@KRSWWBEL.
M7B1O^N


EA

N*BWK9`J76X-QD%S2Y27B

/8
M6.

M+`@3#.U621&?4

R[^7L.PT=5X;UNB@%(!C5DHC@`OAM.K?
J&R

?!TF](W?;13F#&F,*5..VQ1U&6]%1]G/1VK



F.U
MDSP$CA4F3)(^5
UD!R]7:&


VO
M.@[%L)<@1Y[6




+;KM
?@G?6MW#O3NO/:Q).B4A0@





MYR-NW?J



M&6@`S@C)&[J&!$IG-2]IX/@;FQ#Q?R\-X

MRRWH+L87RP%-I
Z;

MHK8[#/)\'!BG4X&%A?#SY`)K107@=&
1;6


3YI[%'Q&\`V;@(J.-`D8-FOUF4&[)\
M+@0]
5D&I;7O)Z+S2VLG5C
IN.I&QE6)F+5K\]IEWLY4R$%#Y3OX+3V_1M
M.ZU=F91BZU-##$QEM)NYT-U:L



P!S1&&6

MA1WB!H&)






W@_+R_DJ
M?I#
1/VP/[37PXV3X_UV$XSR5+B@!:9*2LHY[2]-6/SS3W)]4
S&J$94YY!7
KY
MJFN[*?)RJFN%(L82C^*-W$8+!1CM5PJ..\3)^B9R=*JNK:;BBZONI8'EUMI
M@J0UP2&7CG9S'Z'Y82NPSM1OZVK:[LA.OXJ2L+UX[U:A!B'8MD$):J1AT^I
M!4`&G1ZMHNR&YKAKKS'FF&AO'8004V6M`8TLB37&(UPGR\_
T[#\E*K:R6U
M(

/$
%P(#3X&SS]8X

)N03Y5%QV^K:3K`.
MDLK5RT7`5DKHB``LS#?+@K`2-;C%VKXI+H
9Z9
3W
LLT484*V2M#$YC3&@+


MB[8[E6AWP_822K2AT=1C;9W5QFKF+*GE(1XE-WR^&*YTU6N+$NTNB`ZRJ=2*



!6
$J88\`*





M7^+`#JS:&;Y:2!'
NR5
20RY#!`85F]X*I1^B?FH\]1/



MMAO:EYJ'H`QFR@`11*
JH

)

MD#(
4/-XK\.3E-((/Z&RQ3S*[I*'T`W;E

M(4`Z[;`0A'M$N*R'1T-



/


0U@0AV'H`/Z\P?L\7BV%K_
_@::SX1I@O+?KZK/LV4Y;S7C7W^X$)AQA3G
MFH2U26$(41._`HI3S_0A^`TTGP72(;8$^KF8Q@!&J`
8268]#G$LD4T00\#Q

H.



6XO


MKC)HM]W%*-T@'80LR5=?

DFE%?5`SU.PG((7IQV



MXJC7'BVD8)Y#P95&#C!JA3#-`(EB$VK2=K**JJQ0IM1![KJSM-/VZP\76%H7
MEE0.
)`(



G


MZ@UI9J]A8D*;H7T3H'T[PDZ0#[(GEJ4=8?!:J).$









?0NI4

MV
AV2IR:K


)

M`AP*06M9C=*IUF*$R2&9%I&\@`Y!GMAO[/KC#^


MG#LI


0^2`K&5Q7DZH*0C)TX#<9`\H.KV

MOE\M/U:KAZ=^);O_US$%Z%4_^M#O'
C?:?MJ@2FBSDA'#366


Y-/+.M1PV\F4`LD%^!51XPVUO;MNI_4][/%CL!]VPQO?)4X1F3CEBH

/#0!LGT:E
O?8COL
MB/Z?7Y(IS@RA2$3_R%GKP&HX'!;#X*E
71$.:..G`\4W0+`[C=_GZ_EJ=GHN
YJ<0?W)L^7CD



$:[
#D4&TPOILSG-7)P*B*_EEM8C$WNP_
M^.-JFU]6)*[V
S*M*17$6
R)-UYS:ZTK
=#8C.C84:KRWYP?Z`;:_L:HG2P6



HO%!M1#Z=4Q;]I.]P%


M^Z=+O;H^1V[)B))%=UL%Q+M=GQZ/;2D=LFY$U&FBVI
L248SX2SRIWPY7ZU_
M7\;%7'1'9G:U_)ZOMT4MS
)1V835X_H^7T_C5[G'_)^/RSP^@9X\J=S@B5G1
MQ-9$H`@(#I:#Y@B7XCHCR%C)DZ+QU34@[\

MF\..WI.!8
$H482QQ380`]G0`H\X^+W]C,B^YK*VL+X:APZ.ZF=NM3A#DO

.2[C`$W.H!J@:6I!SW68DX1K']PY/X[.&*-Z#\B
ML1I@R6`
MTTIAP4PY#C&FD)IG
:!0=U^6J1/`KTVU(NOPK
6J]X!




M8#2P:




M_


I'3462$A!*A
M(\2KY.V8`9V_[2H`VA?H8NZC_EV_RV'L.RG?+M=[&1?/;Q.Z#JRUKOD$1DR



?NR4)T7(3DGG*L

T0(9BQ(


-&





#AQ5T:L4!H9)[0

MG-TR.'E?%L!;JS3A1
9Q%O'34I=R*@0C*KS4BK;K


/I_E-9-\WUR;



Y\O\<Y%Q\-M8Z=Z!,H9&[5,C^AV!/^;;NX=^+/V)
MMV?$66YY_$51T.\Q\24F'-BQETW]=J&OCW%]#$87/X0D9N9?!G_L+U?3);Z

MM797W:\VV_6NB%
A[G
0TAR82U^1
:R*[`F%/&+.4(&9K2R%-#CUZ.)M%
-M

+0

M;W?=1HGHMIG?GR9NB]U]\;K`$1E/J8\NIT-
H3N
M3Q^JNU*-W!BTE^6*8<$8=C3((/`*&J3'PI8$.XAO1;[$-.NALCJ1$4
WWE_


M





U46M#J^99LE\'9-T%^26[)

ML=+
:V



$PBU&IHB!D3N







M*VBZ
*DZEPT('09&N,%2))^-'MX<

M`8(C%@%(C80/+K[T()\W4H\H6ZFA?FOO.5V&Z/#W%FQ@X`+APG#CO/'4&5+)
M8\2(IK46='H^&?\B-'MAQV*R_#CYFI^9H)Y?EN$X3K`%#X);PVC\Z!2B63
M
V2'N)]P]7FI`?!]TN?L'/3RPLQ2:IFV7D8#3
`2[
NTNZ*Y0G('EP&:E30%


XU

MJ6D-'KZXJ@#)#2&
(M'LK3%//<+(L6'JY#9J='8EA*[^66[NRXV^WY3/

@!/VZN3







JP6&[V'=='4Y36+RD\Y\%8);BB#F&@
M2&/4\




ZU

*
ME_^0M&JXPT09:,\8'*$%YC[[6@
#Z





)XTW9GKVBY

M@[D
J6*;<E\)V\J!&!N#,@0_Y0,&^^!U13:(-!\A&4`+A];8:`


HYPY[E?H8Z:W
MRQE/A[N+*GQI)$$0@!*&`D&:US0'+V;4#W?X!6QX?

%[MSC9KFZ





8E3FY1S($!R:1K+^6NR\?RX<]3-LORV\W:[_:+7=/





)K_+.:OK`HCD=
$PJ'IV;:_5CR*BY/8?4

1/.@PKQ_Q0QJ#


4!PF-S.IJ(\F-:W^T8NKBD@K&*5H


M


$:'/_S




*.I21@Y'E9=


C^6NV5D

J`9/^QH(+OO(PINO

M':.=M;SH$*A7=P=SNHX^]9C@-62:6IH=90T
H3QAHM0RY9*'\=^(W$DE$J
M\8XW/OUKL=F[/&_(8LN=!2
&RWVLGU(J%!/6FD8)&4O-S\*_SO$NQX47$C=&


1BK^P5W\AP.MUN@957D.


M*-3J
&TP8LF%FM%PUV%$ZN2TA_&9D9)1_?IS_RA7VT-[H/V7M\IATG
*)E#D
MF73:8*`:?+3.NB:-:$C=2V3H.PXJ9V.`/



^'


MG0OSN/;JB*:%Y2K^VW+Q\*-UXN*Y=*=+OL.YCRX$-CYX&OE@/6%$`=6H1BNR



.R;N\?03]]=$

MY9%&1*R6WFM`H:89-$FNS




22Q.!=MR:P
`V*PYQ(;4:/F=O

ML&0

MAM*
9(LB.1C
A9
\V5(1$/OT`=#=:'1_.BR+J-S#UVVW\UTTOG`

2$M]97[
M'X3%FC=Q*\;A_Y9AYOVN#ZT







MNKZU
Z*3VY:L7:8K%`K









M?R\7J_U7B%B\R8A+AA6




MPN?RYNMZL]JT)



MR8?/_$.P68$=Y$9XL_VVV4;9J]8O+;:3D^
*2XP-S&*#




J\B05WOIXX1Q5


BJ\.ID9;K&@.+DN,+$R1<3]SH4#NG'?9#\]O[1PN@HI'
M+^'.4JR9QQC+1K[TQLT3Y%8O6K^X=DX[G$=

J*-87MWG0G1.Z2@:





M;#]M8:

M017W@?D0G!%21-T(;FML.







M%)@%+PSG&BP'S9WVGC1[O.:I37^F:/SDXUEO^`[#L*.Q_4
KSG*W?[]^L3V;



M$*+GE._579]G
GK:83G][`[O

J1//SJ[X73_I^+_?G


$H









O5+U



A*OI`1$@G65`1GD8BEER@=(K\R&R`I&(XR$7[


MN]\VNZ

M)-












MTNMC0`519A\*4LD7;5A1\F=/_;:NC^J&Z++KHP*1((D#*B7A40?`M9M%^3





A4W
QYY(+X5__H]-DN'VWXYOP-_4Q$)
M4BX)58*!9MP'YFJSCG*:FP5P'MEY8[)V/4LA=`O5;P#+*5/`Q5`$A0LH&%@
3J.`I9XH_[
CNA%.:W




4


M+TTIAV\^4R1R`9=*






[C1\
MLNYC60[

MY]
O*O/L=$1]T.\I.`F@!%/!(




M?W2'XI5!DJ%(0(M*J=$48'XVL44.26XRS0]3
:/[X/78\%_L3+P5=_/?I5
MW]OZ$*BEU)D@1.


&;J@7Y&<U._N;G;_W[8[3$=ASX<]H]W;S:$
M.?7Q0GEA&?.)-.2&D1O+*DF&H+.]3$MD9#:6P_.*I+V!+OVV1RM!^D$
S;


M/::?X[HU&JNRH
XX([U(^.1O+^]/+CW?I];I4TM3[S$+;5C0EJ=#1CH&^.`D




ADU

NP$_B0DXR+VQ:;OE

MLA&$X)5\E
GL=J\+I$\__;:_3[83HI





M%BQO5=+Y/D/G@EN?%!8(4`=4$*6-*M

5B=;H'.6^/
0G

MG1/GG':


6`@9/J



%:F
$C_4F:


Y0






=1\@DE9^
[51[#16_GV0T6(H*FT&KU!QT@`

E
4HEGM_8)I;7I1#NRY))LS^3\^@/(






.6


/](2O3#]G.Q









MB?)$&%TBQIW





:0;U
M/%*FI)VZYY*F^R&$$R:=%-5\U=DGVB.D5ZL
R$B9T@SI/MCUXC0[Q7/R^HLA
M8A5G9S05`41.:28EI.5(XTXZ5S..\(RNTR6K593[Y]/1ZVCU=QZ:-12LUPP;
MAXR-DQ4@H)GW)1+0T!FM86U1XE6FM8SWB)CW;GWQU^;?Q6)[^N)V0EO!JE3B
MQ\=EG!
O0


M/2P'LR$?$07/)UX`Q&)

RMR;ELVO=F_2W?KYTJTAT'UX

M.X
7!YK2Z*;;+R\7Z\Y_+=5[LP'BG.7&`
M$**QYXHPI)A''&-$F$$(::0'#R4H._]<'OK;LY].#RLXK:G`-/




!P+HCD%#++&&*0N7*\R%LS
M'VJ=+?$3&'0.MADW?9];%#Y:(/_8;NYOWZ\N7[W:^_I+`=)DHCGHXH*-A'4I
M1\VATU@BFKL3G0@A


M)K0^CGTZSO


)\Q*6X*`+9K1GJP=+FP&EL!`B]O'







MYC/(WM6]V$\-AVP$]?3#(:5G$$IN9
KHK1`EAIMRO##J]_E0ZVR)-PZ';(9M

C.:'5I462;MG&=7N0CQ5Q[
MP@65D$&*91R5*L?'9?85SA$ZW7O32FV!/87(1\TC
$(Z@JRDF`)@O'K:%9&
MS?E2K8]\;`;G5






M]H$WPLYN\1XL7O7%7^[=3/


K2@140S/*!=1.\0X-V2U&=[3ED5WB(/G7%(VD1



M'HSNT3JE

=0$9#;




);P2EFO:).




I_5Z6R)

8O=

FU\1PP#ZBCRAW4'0&:PUROZC3LQ7%-BK.E
M

K92Q'$_OTK;]6PX\OF@5305K7(

*-



I


1@ZPQWQ'+!O7*F6J2X
MSDTO



X^?ZU`R




+L0P=T?XJ
4TM0DR;+E)


M5$X?07(-&_3+:=VG7$;


M_=H6X)QF@Y.&8F\=5EZG6Z$6:U2M#




MNV+__

M:P-ASIUGV`:NM?8D,E#(:J*$P-KE]@D;8)MS]TG%^].'*+)K%S]7GXOYYLR

\)]Z0U=CFD73(E/]6%^
MNW@H_[58'5
X/WVN`.&%QXJ3-/=&&T6-J:88'0.TEV@/9M*]RX!


87D#?*2\2E%\P8RHR5

1'72V%

'5

146-+ZGX]D16V'(^2QL`/TN
MF'AD:.81UAT;M:D


M/J3EB)(SK;&E'BL;D$(7S+Q93N[*A\GRS]/[[




.TP7K8=E
@&RU4=42P()AQ2V8*F9OL6$CRL0V
M*)ZWP1KH7FM!8)6*

VWP

_=Q

?Z2E/BSF7]:+VS^/NH`U[E
()8FQ6&OE



-L!T7RM



(&%









L?XX@UR18W@T+:6B(3V@Y
M!I!2


PPZH2
R]7:

@2-Z(NMYT3MCG8

#??H:+97-



HJ@8;V8&\


9[N.V





TL)=?RN7WZ:Z1NXM\F*[;9/F);RP4`\J15@I[C;FF6KIJVXO*






M5F



2?]NNCP8VH



ME)ZM?5\A-/$




M;D1GT%OB2R

%JM3W





*W3?
G;
K)MJ0PP`YFP:[





M\H!-

MTT$IHQ2H8F#CW#=*[7-
`9I(-B;U


M4Y^XM!!Q:31019FAF&E'

MOIP_-E`KTFPO!L6C#OG

V$








RE-#!V%J5V7YT^]J`?





$04
I)R@


M_
N\]O[A]@`:NZ#2RI;#/=5!CM+&0DF,#?,:J0]BO=Z$U=@



MJ9
K6_I@66SGI`W$0A'AK.!&^'(I%\+
Z!ZY#A2]'1CN(6Q3_/J[^S_RY6%W
MC%95ND^OOY!1RFD
+7`)$=;!QBL\E@V)#
9\7KCDB=0CJ
(_7YK@%57GL\





M(T\LMT(J+L23?#S(/2
[V
M]M
I27P






\E@\KZ4GH/9W2PU!LOM@
`/QGC\-MB

.BT4MTY:0%V!@.(NM0AE@LM1&_6?V.1VCF^7_+NYG:QO-M^66V^
M!=FVN_LOB]7N6VPZL;_+;P^WVV!@]^'G^V@

M

5B3[TQFBA$


($HA18KY8G36L-2/L-F=[2
M4K^U(_[-$+V$+2\E1$.@B*8.D




)_=?7ZF
BIJK$YA6])XF8MW
M+0J

+6?





+N
.4=D957#L!(_K1MUEN@&
MHV2$2((-X

MDCN#



M


MAAX[HD*':(ZX\WA?(^VMZM6



M.?(H$1%2I]Z;-4&V]*'FZL!+
7/819S.\./<:YG2%*N3=64NA9$P64B)&YE@3GZ#B'V]<


MZ`^)\'-DX`[+5\
1C,);646R,II(QY9C#G
MF%F!/!OK]LWG-#G&@H^!.!?@W6T6:W/8WVUOP@0(RT&\!?E]C*P\7'_<I!JB
M^<`9\Y9Y![PSW`L-?;Q;MD+
H7G
_O;$^9







M!V'
8;G
_Y^]JVUNVW;RW^@.#XNGEWA8_)N9-LFT=W





X/-0
M%C_?&M4R
N^4-PJ49




4`D&BV
XD13QB



3?<L;#%:;9&
)X[B$








59KT-@91N?EF
[S*
MKQWUJ0#G?



!YETR
B]!$<,Y)(
MI6W4_98@9FOV.5IM=3A;`E]6<Y#'NYO[^_6'E]CYM*AD'XG1HD\$)OD27#9

M%9
$=__K

M^\V0+

*B&8QSLEU?#P;V06FE+!?5HO'6ZZZJ7Z+.06^HS1[$J
MX^_@&HYQB
Z[AB-JC$&Z8*-W)/EE.KEG'2U(Z)*.L7)^'AMN




3$W='H(RCI!/?*.=2*8=\R






MWRS-GE4YQ[*48F97@_'








%8(Y623T!*('PS`6/@
&'@
A`


AQ?RN!N.9*^*(-1Y[(9[%C0@QSID[6
2QK45
SS





MSGU=@$2=JZ&&.^'FJUS=K=XES_;FDB6K/MR35NT\$7!`J/:L;H*)FA#%%5KT

PYE
*4#FT4XC+T3[ZNX[NW*FD09VQ)G@=N.&!=/5N


M&BD`/RK6)\Y`/MKCYIN%34RZA0(7+AUNCEBB`4A'C3*0&X6]@&]T/$-?2B3.
M0?*L]*594ZC=D9'S0#(JJCTUN;:U_.46(R&3PNX7P4G/--.
?MW%6JVQ%&

M`7-30N;(Z#R6K.NA=^;4T:`1K`@8(X].RQ2\=F?C($M:AC.:NKP7BF4@`N



M47JQ))^PG)]'FAZ

M2

4(J
MH#BA;+1#('8;/=[L^L5G&L*=4X!)(08D&%`&]^1V:5A0_^(R]NZ7E6)`2TO:

+Y_<<.L
M!R$LUSP8Q:FUT9GN$K(Y?D


PY!U^5P(9.G%TO`;I2XV'MJ179$S:-OEMQ

C-
YEA

R.2^LG7DI
&U01X\2(O21BI#=5&J&G2;J




M5];DMJVL_Q*VQO*(-94J)W8YO@_WB:7


MZSR7+$@M/1+8I

M&QCR+D01'`


EWE[NWZM5ESAC87QQ;6*.X#


M@`!K@GG\:[&V\?]7$DJ676AE^BM4=PO3&ZK7.$;_?;
O;_\073%#4-2:(%)J
M`*^D%42!#(A0P=W%F)YQ)/P0D37QI_YJ(6(]II!2*&HX\40&$7=I1CA:R6@@
M^Y9Z^CY`AIK/^Y'9H%YC@AX]Z%
SM/J8'G[U\7&Q_?KVX8_EQ_7R87F7*O[=


!=O


M=O
8H8V_\J4

*(B6EFOE+01E#6@9C*72

M@_)4P(,4BFJ%-$U?`0T-DED:='D%R%-BJ/T@[&VRN/8A2VB@6?[I8)9E$Z
M(RKY%$
SLB
=]=NX/$H[1*=='D6&N*MB'JS56F*P0AI7R2(MY'89FB([NNOS



I@VBRD.<\U^8O*;!37GF@5EFLB.$BV!H!@[*+A4ZP0DB/[!H,WS$8-D[/
MW=0F*V[ZK+:21S`Q\K0Z@P),L_O5Y/;<_7!+]!HX3&8U;W-KC`B^GB&(Z9T
M7/%)ZEA=R:2!Y4:@3['-;G]TZ0[D.&;GJ2OY9;_HQ9

M=$V-9&149'S\*^3
?%





EG5$I4B'^S^I*/F6RRW).D57=
M]-LXZ+@=HM

M2

KFF.PX_2:N_M^T;W@R[1X2T&44






:)F\
L.R\+XRN_3=





3L13/GR[&W

MD9#R&
_G*#+`J-'UXB9ER*YQ-L70UW[4W`W`
=;TM_M/Y;;^P#\.GS^OEJ^6
:
]0M[/=%7/^#J@=



DF



M;GF)A-\_5@B#
49

T+F$Z1/3Z82_O=MN/L=Y\/7=*OWG];W_O\/R*-@U



MMW$47SM$IQV8):

2'K`SC&$4H=B@BM9'
J^:IHB.[KK\T)@5CLLQPG
.F%(


M9:O!Z()Z$0*)SF








%AO6







]_?Y3B1JM?



MV5'XLS@V4M_DJOT9;%*(9`MB-1D?%9%!01J0V6CEG07.-*;D7G=%@Y!*
&
M@'@




B=CKTVASA*-?U!6?#X^VF+RF
P\0[A303`1N/

MX



M



MMO-(.G.X*



MJZ=/O@]Z&K0Z[C5VE



M

M

MS


M_]5I+$W]KX/HB=V/U$-3]!L@$HL)=AA9Y8DED



M&EAZR\!0$*TLDOOICV5GX!GL/9\=7N-A6
[?:QRPD5H(R8V22=5:Q1ENY4FV
M06Y8TAR]@J-S8U\T2[#C:=5=+E??ZN)I=7&KNBC#W=?JONYQW[%MZ3=`I(H*
M9+G1#@@'G`Q

M#@``!#D!``#L75MSVSB6?M^J^0]8OVRZ*HYE.\DFJ4Y/T3)ELT:6%%%*.D]3









M)5M$/9LY5ZE@0`A84[3\?
(\]=/($__W






MF;=@

R+5^-6MC


C.-`I9(&B#+$*(V-Y+]

0^




0@8&
0F00(3E$
!&9U


MR81F$8+=L


M_&@$6U:
&JO
TDJ$E1`&A+2VXQ/\?ZT%
HD`Q7+7!\FVN130$QK%ZZX@?G






_NY(@2YW%




M(\OX#B
(8NN`


D5ILZI


M!





MIT]O]*F`3NM_F1NF(8#M







+$CH0KU+SYT;$8;*W-5R]7N#OY!@LGP/O-O5X36O)OY

D0QFU:H9DEBRJ,0V`80V\-$@


M17@Q8$V7JYDN-?09/ZL`^OUS)\%RK%`;77[88L^J'DZUW*E&JA0^5$_B0S5D
M1&N]IBVAW


M2;$*A^=2ZO!DP(VE1YUOY]C$%1W^F[JCZ4`M-U^PNL5F-J!*0(W&T?3M4ET[

M0_VM='E2%
#)/FYFSJ]




M4FAQ@^K)UJS




M8H90=LNM.9]


M5V\P.*QNQ:#P03(H*-FPMVTX-D/$J(DAD1_8XKFM8H2*W]8:'`Z@4#$T?)`
M#6J^E.#(?_[`\.O9DVM]@MNMS09$\2Q\@C$)BA`\Y
^0$WYHYMX5'YGY?.)1

M2&CY-`QKSK)%B4T/(9^B!;(?N#&WC
A7.W/[$)M?F*1.$8(G&X)93T1WS\MP
M'YQU8`5`][8G*YF-78_%MJJ,8.LON]Z9(.HP21B/KWKIHJ5F^(A5H()C0L



MKD




MNZ7D`;'N8&M[#
;`


M\?`]5E(`?@




A

F:O!PS4[PC2X
MLJ4HY@*B?WL


1RB+#)O-57'NWL<
MW!7([1%]XTB2CT/U:W&8PAG&


QG

5S)/'(&#A\H3

'XN4X

G^:[T

!8%@[UO3U/U.[TS$





MA0V*&5W3!JY=1!R5=3KI3@/0]:2%AJ:4'XKE4XBGY^7JX[F^STGM%B#/=K


'J-2*[5LRQAVY89W5U
#\H/SF+-5!WGJ+.4+)#D



*NSCO7
5-92ZA9JDH86;1+


TE\L7
@^D0N

M'G84]V6

M++7VW'*6#M

.9?GYGZ`B\9SUX
MH;YNMY$-$Y*&UV/#&J2B!^R1:;[,PN],]_A!=T_7OTRS)JP!FOE9^2-/P6_
M5/)=^-R_//Q

M?+


M%]8
2
.9O]K3



+#EZ8&=\.1

V^.`?L

M69)^N_CMXEM[2D_4&CW-A0W:^J

M:)YEGIHJWAE

M8



C`Q-#$R

M``0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%`````@`^TIY1G2MA!:7

#$T

M``0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%`````@`^TIY1B6L&6\@%`$`454.`!0`&````````0``

#$T

M``0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%`````@`^TIY1LR@'7C*`$`B*`/`!0`&````````0``
M`*2!?OL&`'-F9TR
#$T

M``0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%`````@`^TIY1G+


8``!02P4&``````8`!@`4`@``4$@(````
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Upon completion of the Merger
As a result of the Merger
1
 shares of common stock of the Company
 no par value
twelve months ended April 28
 2013
19
068
079
 including related fees. The price of the repurchased shares was allocated among common stock
From June 2011 through the Merger Date
28
244
783
 including related commissions
During 2014
In 2014
160
500
 stock options were granted to Smithfield executives and management under the WH Group Incentive Plan.  Stock options granted under the WH Group Incentive Plan are subject to graded vesting over five years and were valued in five separate tranches
December 28
Outstanding as of December 29
160
500
(9
100
Outstanding as of December 28
151
400
Exercisable as of December 28
December 28
 2014
During the twelve months ended May 3
 2009
 we adopted the 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan (the Incentive Plan)
 which replaced the 1998 Stock Incentive Plan and provided for the issuance of non-statutory stock options and other awards to employees
Upon completion of the Merger
 all then-outstanding stock-based compensation awards
 whether vested or unvested
 were converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration
 less the exercise price of such awards
 if any. As a result
 to plan participants following the Merger
 which were included as a component of the purchase price consideration. The Incentive Plan was discontinued as a result of the Merger.  Stock-based compensation expense was 
 
five months ended September 26
 2013
twelve months ended April 28
twelve months ended April 29
 2012
 respectively. The related income tax benefits recognized were 
 
 and 
five months ended September 26
 2013
twelve months ended April 28
twelve months ended April 29
 2012
five months ended September 26
 2013
twelve months ended April 28
twelve months ended April 29
)
 we entered into separate convertible note hedge transactions with respect to our common stock to minimize the impact of potential economic dilution upon conversion of the Convertible Notes
 per share
 subject to adjustment
. In general
 per share
In July 2013
. As part of the settlement of the Convertible Notes
3
894
 shares of our common stock to the holders of the notes. Simultaneously
 we exercised a call option
 which we entered into in connection with the original issuance of the Convertible Notes
3
894
 shares from the counter-parties. As a result
In October 2013
As part of the Incentive Plan director fee deferral program
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
April&#160;28
December 28
September 27 - December 29
April 29 - September 26
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 2012




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

INCOME TAXES Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities (Details) (Successor
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified












          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Tax credits
 carryforwards and net operating losses
        
        


        
        
        


Deferred Tax Assets
 Tax Deferred Expense
 Derivatives
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Deferred Tax Assets
 Gross
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Investment in Subsidiaries
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 carryforwards and net operating losses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Tax Deferred Expense
 Derivatives
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which can only be deducted for tax purposes when actual costs are incurred
 and which can only be realized if sufficient tax-basis income is generated in future periods to enable the deduction to be taken.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      


















        
        
        
        
        


Multiemployer Plan
 Period Contributions
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Multiemployer Plans
 Certified Zone Status
        
        
        
        


Multiemployer Plans
 Collective-Bargaining Arrangement
 Expiration Date
 Description
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Multiemployer Plan
 Period Contributions
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Multiemployer Plans
 Certified Zone Status
        
        
        
        


Multiemployer Plans
 Collective-Bargaining Arrangement
 Expiration Date
 Description
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Multiemployer Plan
 Period Contributions
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Multiemployer Plans
 Certified Zone Status
        
        
        
        


Multiemployer Plans
 Collective-Bargaining Arrangement
 Expiration Date
 Description
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Multiemployer Plan
 Period Contributions
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN)
 is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 orange (seriously endangered)
 yellow (endangered)
 and green (none of the above). The acceptable values are red
 orange
 yellow
 green
 other
 and NA.  A multiemployer plan is a pension or postretirement benefit plan to which two or more unrelated employers contribute where assets contributed by one participating employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
$ 1
631.5
        


        
10
147.6
9
954.8


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Taxes Payable
 Current
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Accounts receivable
 net
        
        


        
2
206.8
2
274.7


        
        
        


        
3
748.6
3
504.1


Property
 plant and equipment
 net
2
753.4
2
745.9


        
1
626.2
1
622.5


        
        
        


Intangible assets
 net
1
380.9
1
405.8


        
        
        


        
10
147.6
9
954.8


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
1
468.2
1
295.6


        
2
694.6
2
997.4


        
        
        


Deferred income taxes
 net
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Common Stock
 no par value
 1
000 authorized shares; 1
000 issued and outstanding
        
        


        
4
167.3
4
157.4


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
4
539.5
4
231.1


        
        
        


        
4
540.4
4
231.8


        
$ 10
147.6
$ 9
954.8




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee
 adjusted for any distributions (dividends) and other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses recognized.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
              
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sales
 use
 payroll
 excise
 real
 property and other taxes. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 attributable to parent and noncontrolling interests
 of an entity's issued and outstanding stock which is not included within permanent equity. Temporary equity is a security with redemption features that are outside the control of the issuer
 is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP
 and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates
 is redeemable at the option of the holder
 or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. Includes stock with a put option held by an ESOP and stock redeemable by a holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
Beginning in June 2014
 our investment in CFG is through our interest in Sigma &amp; WH Europe
We record our share of earnings and losses from our equity method investments in (income) loss from equity method investments. Some of these results are reported on a one-month lag which
 in our opinion
In November 2013
 Mexican processed meats producer Sigma Alimentos (Sigma) announced its intention to tender for all of CFG&#8217;s outstanding shares (CFG Tender Offer).  In December 2013
 we announced our intention to participate in the CFG Tender Offer by retaining our 37% interest in CFG.  In June 2014
 we finalized our shareholder agreement with Sigma creating a new entity called Sigma &amp; WH Food Europe
 S.L. (Sigma &amp; WH Europe) to hold all shares of CFG owned by Sigma and the Company. At the formation of Sigma &amp; WH Europe
 both the Company and Sigma contributed all of our shares of CFG to Sigma &amp; WH Europe in exchange for the same number of shares in Sigma &amp; WH Europe. Effective September 19
 2014
December&#160;28
 2014
December 28
September 27 - December 29
April 29 - September 26
April 28
April 29
In December 2011
 includes the disposal of certain assets
 employee redundancy costs and the contribution of CFG's French cooked ham business into a newly formed joint venture. As a result
 in (income) loss from equity method investments within the International segment in the twelve months ended April 29
December 28
April 29 - December 29
April 28
April 29
2
1
2
2
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
2
2
1
1
1
077.7




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Our meat processing and hog production operations use various raw materials
 primarily live hogs
 corn
 soybean meal and wheat
 which are actively traded on commodity exchanges. We hedge these commodities when we determine conditions are appropriate to mitigate price risk. While this hedging may limit our ability to participate in gains from favorable commodity fluctuations
We record all derivatives in the balance sheet as either assets or liabilities at fair value. Accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative depends on whether it qualifies and has been designated as part of a hedging relationship. For derivatives that qualify and have been designated as hedges for accounting purposes
 changes in fair value have no net impact on earnings
 to the extent the derivative is considered perfectly effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows attributable to the risk being hedged
 until the hedged item is recognized in earnings (commonly referred to as the &#8220;hedge accounting&#8221; method). For derivatives that do not qualify or are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes
 changes in fair value are recorded in current period earnings (commonly referred to as the &#8220;mark-to-market&#8221; method). We may elect either method of accounting for our derivative portfolio
 assuming all the necessary requirements are met. We have in the past availed ourselves of either acceptable method and expect to do so in the future. We believe all of our derivative instruments represent economic hedges against changes in prices and rates
Changes in commodity prices could have a significant impact on&#160;cash deposit&#160;requirements under our broker and counter-party agreements. Additionally
 certain of our&#160;derivative contracts contain credit risk related&#160;contingent features
December&#160;28
 2014
We are exposed to losses in the event of nonperformance or nonpayment by counter-parties under financial instruments. Although our counter-parties primarily consist of financial institutions that are investment grade
 there is still a possibility that one or more of these companies could default. &#160;However
 a majority of our financial instruments are exchange traded futures contracts held with brokers and counter-parties with whom we maintain margin accounts that are settled on a daily basis
 thereby limiting our credit exposure to non-exchange traded derivatives.&#160;Determination of the credit quality of our counter-parties is based upon a number of factors
December&#160;28
 2014
December&#160;28
The size and mix of our derivative portfolio varies from time to time based upon our analysis of current and future market conditions.  All derivative contracts are recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets or accrued expenses and other current liabilities within the consolidated balance sheets
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
The majority of our derivatives are exchange traded futures contracts held with brokers
 subject to netting arrangements that are enforceable during the ordinary course of business. Additionally
 we have a smaller portfolio of over-the-counter derivatives that are held by counterparties under netting arrangements found in typical master netting agreements. These agreements legally allow for net settlement in the event of bankruptcy. We offset the fair values of derivative assets and liabilities
 along with the related cash collateral
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
We enter into derivative instruments
 such as futures
 swaps and options contracts
 to manage our exposure to the variability in expected future cash flows attributable to commodity price risk associated with the forecasted sale of live hogs and fresh pork
 and the forecasted purchase of corn
 wheat and soybean meal. In addition
 we enter into interest rate swaps to manage our exposure to changes in interest rates associated with our variable interest rate debt
December&#160;28
 2014
When cash flow hedge accounting is applied
 derivative gains or losses are recognized as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transactions affect earnings. The ineffective portion of derivative gains and losses is recognized as part of current period earnings. Derivative gains and losses
 when reclassified into earnings
 are recorded in cost of sales for&#160;grain contracts
 sales for lean hog contracts
 interest expense for interest rate contracts and SG&amp;A expenses for foreign exchange contracts. Gains and losses on derivatives designed to hedge price risk associated with fresh pork sales are recorded in the Hog Production segment.&#160;
42
575
99
580
346
827
103
280
1
847
680
20
886
10
966
34
363
December 28
September 27 - December 29
December 28
September 27 - December 29
December 28
September 27 - December 29
April 29 - September 26
April 28
April 29
April 29 - September 26
April 28
April 29
April 29 - September 26
April 28
April 29
For the periods presented
 foreign exchange contracts were determined to be highly effective. We have excluded from the assessment of effectiveness differences between spot and forward rates
twelve months ended April 29
 2012
 we discontinued cash flow hedge accounting on certain grain contracts as it became probable that the original forecasted transactions would not transpire. As a result of this change
twelve months ended April 29
twelve months ended April 29
December&#160;28
 2014
&#160;there were deferred net&#160;gains of&#160;
 net of tax of 
We enter into derivative instruments (primarily futures contracts) that are designed to hedge changes in&#160;the fair value of live hog inventories and&#160;firm commitments to buy grains. When fair value hedge accounting is applied
 derivative gains and losses are recognized in earnings currently along with the change in fair value of the hedged item attributable to the risk being hedged. The gains or losses on the derivative instruments and the offsetting losses or gains on the related hedged items are recorded in cost of sales for commodity contracts.
450
9
195
December 28
September 27 - December 29
April 29 - September 26
April 28
April 29
twelve months ended April 28
twelve months ended April 29
 2012
 representing differences between the spot and futures prices for fair value hedges of hog inventory
three months ended December 29
five months ended September 26
 and
 therefore
December 28
September 27 - December 29
April 29 - September 26
April 28
April 29
five months ended September 26
 2013
twelve months ended April 28
twelve months ended April 29
 2012
 respectively
Derivative instruments that are not designated as a hedge
 have been de-designated from a hedging relationship
 or do not meet the criteria for hedge accounting are marked-to-market with the unrealized gains and losses together with actual realized gains and losses from closed contracts being recognized in current period earnings. Under the mark-to-market method
 gains and losses are recorded in cost of sales for commodity contracts and SG&amp;A for foreign exchange contracts.
600
414
600
490
24
640
18
75
3
545
85
8
030
11
040
6
888
80
966
6
272
85
251
December 28
September 27 - December 29
April 29 - September 26
April 28
April 29
The table above reflects gains and losses from both open and closed contracts including
 among other things
 gains and losses related to contracts designed to hedge price movements that occur entirely within the period presented. The table includes amounts for both realized and unrealized gains and losses. The table is not
 therefore
 a simple representation of unrealized gains and losses recognized in the income statement during any period presented.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 risk management strategies
 non-hedging derivative instruments
 assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses
 and methodologies and assumptions used in determining the amounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December&#160;28
September 27 - December 29
April 29 - September 26
April&#160;28
April 29
Interest paid
Income taxes (paid) refunded
 net




        
          

        
          
            

 including cash
 noncash
 and part noncash transactions
 for the period. Noncash is defined as information about all investing and financing activities of an enterprise during a period that affect recognized assets or liabilities but that do not result in cash receipts or cash payments in the period. Part noncash refers to that portion of the transaction not resulting in cash receipts or cash payments in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. We are required to consider and reflect the assumptions of market participants in fair value calculations. These factors include nonperformance risk (the risk that an obligation will not be fulfilled) and credit risk
We use
 as appropriate
 a market approach (generally
 data from market transactions)
 an income approach (generally
 present value techniques)
 and/or a cost approach (generally
 replacement cost) to measure the fair value of an asset or liability.&#160;&#160;These valuation approaches incorporate inputs such as observable
 independent market data that we believe are predicated on the assumptions market participants would use to price an asset or liability. These inputs may incorporate
 as applicable
 certain risks such as nonperformance risk
Level&#160;2&#8212;observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level&#160;1
We have classified assets and liabilities  measured at fair value based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. For the periods presented
The following tables set forth
 by level within the fair value hierarchy
 our financial assets and liabilities
 including assets held in a rabbi trust used to fund the Supplemental Plan
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
Derivatives classified within Level 1 are valued using quoted market prices. In some cases where quoted market prices are not available
 we value the derivatives using market based pricing models that utilize the net present value of estimated future cash flows to calculate fair value
 in which case the measurements are classified within Level 2. These valuation models make use of market-based observable inputs
 including exchange traded prices and rates
 yield curves
 credit curves
Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis after initial recognition; that is
 the assets and liabilities are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances
 for example
 when there is evidence of impairment.  We had no significant assets or liabilities that were measured and recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during 2014 or the Transition Period
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
1
1
Unsettled transactions
1
1
Cash equivalents include highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. Due to their short-term nature
 the carrying amount of these instruments approximates the estimated fair value. Actively traded money market funds are measured at their NAV
 which approximates fair value
When available
 the fair value of equity securities are based on quoted prices in active markets and classified as Level 1. Level 1 financial instruments include highly liquid instruments with quoted prices
If quoted prices are not available
 fair values are obtained from pricing services
 broker quotes or other model-based valuation techniques with observable inputs and classified as Level 2. The nature of these equity securities include securities for which quoted prices are available but traded less frequently
 securities whose fair value has been derived using a model where inputs to the model are directly observable in the market
 or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data and securities that are valued using other financial instruments
The fair values of fixed income instruments are obtained from pricing services
 broker quotes or other model-based valuation techniques with observable inputs and classified as Level 2. The nature of these fixed income instruments include instruments for which quoted prices are available but traded less frequently
 instruments whose fair value has been derived using a model where inputs to the model are directly observable in the market
 or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data and securities that are valued using other financial instruments
 the parameters of which can be directly observed. Level 2 fixed income instruments include mutual funds
 asset-backed securities
 corporate debt securities
fair values of alternative investments are obtained from pricing services
 broker quotes or other model-based valuation techniques with observable inputs and classified as Level 2. The nature of these alternative investments include instruments for which quoted prices are available but traded less frequently
 instruments whose fair value has been derived using a model where inputs to the model are directly observable in the market
 or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data and securities that are valued using other financial instruments
 the parameters of which can be directly observed. Level 2 alternative investments include diversified investment funds
The valuation of limited partnership investments requires the use of significant unobservable inputs due to the absence of quoted market prices
 inherent lack of liquidity and long-term nature of such assets and are classified as Level 3. These investments are initially valued at cost with quarterly valuations performed utilizing available market data to determine the fair value of these investments. Such market data consists primarily of the observations of trading multiples of public companies considered comparable to the investments with adjustments for investment-specific issues
The valuation of these guaranteed annuity insurance contracts is primarily based on quoted prices in active markets with adjustments for unobservable inputs caused by the unique nature of applying investment earnings as part of the participation guarantee.&#160;Due to these unobservable inputs and the long-term nature of these investments
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
Balance
 April 28
Purchases
 sales and settlements
Balance
 December 29
Purchases
 sales and settlements
Balance
 December 28
We determine the fair value of public debt using Level 2 inputs based on quoted market prices. The carrying amount of all other debt approximates fair value as those instruments are based on variable interest rates. The following table presents the fair value and carrying value of long-term debt
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
2
2
3
3
The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 notes payable and accounts payable approximate their fair values because of the relatively short-term maturity of these instruments.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

PENSION AND OTHER RETIREMENT PLANS Schedule of Pension Benefit Obligation
 Plan Assets and Funded Status (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        
        

      


































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 1
653.0
        
$ 1
653.0
$ 1
815.9
$ 1
653.0
        
$ 1
653.0
$ 1
813.2


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Settlements
 Benefit Obligation
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Assets for Plan Benefits
 Noncurrent
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Pension Plans with Accumulated Benefit Obligations in Excess of Plan Assets
 Aggregate Accumulated Benefit Obligation
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Pension Plan
 Defined Benefit [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
1
122.8
        
1
122.8
1
214.7
1
122.8
        
1
122.8
1
110.6


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Settlements
 Plan Assets
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Supplemental Employee Retirement Plans
 Defined Benefit
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 adjusted for contributions and payments of benefits during the period
 and after adjusting for taxes and other expenses
 as applicable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 but not limited to
 interest
 mortality
 employee turnover
 salary
 and temporary deviation from the substantive plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value as of a date of all benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered prior to that date.  2) For other postretirement defined benefit plans
 the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value of benefits attributed to employee service rendered to a particular date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including pension benefits
 death benefits
 and benefits due on termination of employment. Also includes payments made under a postretirement benefit plan
 including prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services. This item represents a periodic decrease to the plan obligations and a decrease to plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
 those non-benefit obligations may be considered as reductions of plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Amounts Recognized in Balance Sheet
 Total.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 not otherwise separately disclosed in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the aggregate pension accumulated benefit obligation for pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of the measurement date of each statement of financial position presented.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the amount recognized in balance sheet as a current liability associated with an underfunded defined benefit plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

LEASE OBLIGATIONS
 COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES

        

      






Lease Obligations
 Commitments and Guarantee [Abstract]
        


LEASE OBLIGATIONS
 COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES
LEASE OBLIGATIONS
We lease facilities and equipment under non-cancelable operating leases. The terms of each lease agreement vary and may contain renewal or purchase options. Rental payments under operating leases are charged to expense on the straight-line basis over the period of the lease. Rental expense under operating leases of real estate
 machinery
 vehicles and other equipment was  
 
 
 
three months ended December 29
 2013
five months ended September 26
 2013
twelve months ended April 28
twelve months ended April 29
 2012
December&#160;28
December&#160;28
 2014
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
 respectively
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
We have agreements
 expiring through 
 to use cold storage warehouses owned by partnerships
 of which we are 50% partners. We have agreed to pay prevailing competitive rates for use of the facilities
 subject to aggregate guaranteed minimum annual fees. In 
three months ended December 29
 2013
five months ended September 26
 2013
twelve months ended April 28
twelve months ended April 29
 2012
 we paid 
 
 
 
 respectively
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
We have purchase commitments with certain livestock producers that obligate us to purchase all the livestock that these producers deliver. Other arrangements obligate us to purchase a fixed amount of livestock. We also use independent farmers and their facilities to raise hogs produced from our breeding stock in exchange for a performance-based service fee payable upon delivery. We estimate the future obligations under these commitments based on available commodity livestock futures prices and internal projections about future hog prices
1
1
1
December&#160;28
 2014
December&#160;28
As part of our business
December&#160;28
. We could become liable in connection with these obligations depending on the performance of the guaranteed party or the occurrence of future events that we are unable to predict. If we consider it probable that we will become responsible for an obligation
December&#160;28
 2014
 of leases that were transferred to JBS S.A.&#160;in connection with the sale of Smithfield Beef
 Inc which closed in October 2008. This guaranty may remain in place until the leases expire through February 2022.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Commitments and Guarantees [Text Block]
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        

      


























Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Scenario
 Forecast | Commodity Contract [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        


Cash Flow Hedge Gain (Loss) to be Reclassified within Twelve Months
 Net of Tax
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income
 Effective Portion
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income
 Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Effective Portion
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Effective Portion
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income
 Effective Portion
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income
 Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Effective Portion
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income
 Effective Portion
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income
 Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Effective Portion
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income
 Effective Portion
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income
 Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Effective Portion
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income
 Effective Portion
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income
 Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income
 Effective Portion
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income
 Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Effective Portion
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Effective Portion
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income
 Effective Portion
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income
 Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Effective Portion
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income
 Effective Portion
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income
 Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Effective Portion
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income
 Effective Portion
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income
 Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Effective Portion
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income
 Effective Portion
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income
 Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Effective Portion
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income
 Effective Portion
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income
 Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Net of Tax
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
(2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        

      






















        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Income taxes (paid) refunded
 net
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Income taxes (paid) refunded
 net
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
6.625% senior unsecured notes
 due August 2022
1
1
7.75% senior unsecured notes
 due July 2017
5.25% senior unsecured notes
5.875% senior unsecured notes
Floating rate senior unsecured term loan
Inventory Revolver
Securitization Facility
Various
 interest rates from 0.0% to 3.13%
2
3
2
2
972.8
In August 2012
 aggregate principal amount of ten year
 6.625% senior unsecured notes at a price equal to 
 after underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses
 in transaction fees in connection with issuance of the 2022 Notes
During the twelve months ended April 29
 2012
During the twelve months ended April 29
 2012
 we repurchased 
In conjunction with the issuance of the 2022 Notes in July 2012
 we commenced a tender offer to purchase any and all of our outstanding 7.75% senior unsecured notes due May 2013 (2013 Notes) and any and all of our outstanding 2014 Notes (the July 2012 Tender Offer). The July 2012 Tender Offer expired in August 2012. As a result of the July 2012 Tender Offer
 we paid 
 respectively. Also in August 2012
 of our 2014 Notes. Net proceeds from the issuance of the 2022 Notes were used to make all of the repurchases of the 2013 Notes and 2014 Notes. As a result of these repurchases
 in the twelve months ended April 28
 2013
 including the write-off of related unamortized discounts
In May 2013
three months ended December 29
 2013
 of our 2017 Notes and 2022 Notes
 respectively
On July 31
 2013
 Merger Sub issued the Merger Sub Notes as part of the financing for the acquisition of the Company. Upon the consummation of the Merger and release of the proceeds from escrow
In June 2011
 we refinanced our asset-based revolving credit agreement totaling 
 (the Inventory Revolver)
 (the Securitization Facility). We may request working capital loans and letters of credit under both facilities. As a result of the refinancing
 in the first quarter of the twelve months ended April 29
In January 2013
. All other terms and conditions of the Inventory Revolver were unchanged
 including the limitation on the actual amount of credit that is available from time to time under the Inventory Revolver as a result of borrowing base valuations of our inventory
We have the right to further exercise the accordion feature and increase its total revolving commitment by an additional aggregate amount not to exceed $200.0 million
Availability under the Inventory Revolver is a function of the level of eligible inventories
December&#160;28
 2014
 the unused commitment fee rate and interest rate were 
The ratio of our funded debt to capitalization (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement) may not exceed 0.5 to 1.0
We and our material U.S. subsidiaries are jointly and severally liable for
 as primary obligors
 the obligations under the Inventory Revolver
secured by a first priority lien on certain personal property
 including cash and cash equivalents
 deposit accounts
 inventory
 intellectual property
in transaction fees in connection with the Inventory Revolver
In December 2014
.  As a result of the amended agreement
 our maturity date was extended from May 2016 to December 2017
As part of the arrangement
subsidiaries are sold to a wholly owned &#8220;bankruptcy remote&#8221; special purpose vehicle (SPV). The SPV pledges the receivables as security for loans and letters of credit. The SPV is included in our consolidated financial statements and therefore
 the accounts receivable owned by it are included in our consolidated balance sheet. However
December&#160;28
 2014
December&#160;28
 2014
 in transaction fees in connection with the financing of the Securitization Facility in 2011
December&#160;28
 2014
 we had aggregate credit facilities and credit lines totaling 
 
 
 
 
 
 
three months ended December 29
 2013
five months ended September 26
 2013
twelve months ended April 28
twelve months ended April 29
 2012
 respectively.  Maximum borrowings were 
 
 
 
three months ended December 29
 2013
five months ended September 26
 2013
twelve months ended April 28
twelve months ended April 29
 2012
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
In August 2012
 term loan with Rabobank. As a result of the amended agreement
LIBOR plus 4%
 or at our election
The amended agreement contains affirmative and negative covenants that
 among other things
 limit or restrict our ability to create liens and encumbrances; incur debt; make acquisitions and investments; dispose of or transfer assets; pay dividends or make other payments in respect of our stock; in each case
 subject to certain qualifications and exceptions that are generally consistent with the terms and conditions of the 2022 Notes. In addition
minimum interest coverage ratio (ratio of consolidated EBITDA to consolidated interest expense) of not less than 1.75 to 1.0 commencing with our third quarter of the twelve months ended April 28
In July 2008
 aggregate principal amount of 4% convertible senior notes due June&#160;30
In connection with the issuance of the Convertible Notes
 we entered into separate convertible note hedge transactions with respect to our common stock to reduce potential economic dilution upon conversion of the Convertible Notes
 shares of our common stock
 subject to adjustment
 which is the number of shares initially issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Notes. In addition
 shares of our common stock
In July 2013
In October 2013
 we paid




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December&#160;28
September 27 - December 29
April 29 - September 26
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
December&#160;28
September 27 - December 29
April 29 - September 26
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
State income taxes
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
 respectively
 in prepaid expenses and other current assets.  Additionally
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
 respectively
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
Tax credits
Property
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
Deferred income taxes
Management makes an assessment to determine if its deferred tax assets are more likely than not to be realized.&#160;Valuation allowances are established in the event that management believes the related tax benefits will not be realized. The valuation allowance primarily relates&#160;to state credits
 state&#160;net operating loss carryforwards and losses in foreign jurisdictions for which no tax benefit was recognized. During 
three months ended December 29
 2013
five months ended September 26
 2013
The tax credits
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
Balance
 April 29
Balance
 April 28
Balance
 December 29
Balance
 December 28
We operate in multiple taxing jurisdictions
 both within the U.S. and outside of the U.S.
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
 respectively. We recognized 
eight months ended December 29
 2013
twelve months ended April 28
twelve months ended April 29
 2012
 respectively
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
 2013
 that if recognized
We are currently being audited in several tax jurisdictions and remain subject to examination until the statute of limitations expires for the respective tax jurisdiction. Within specific countries
 we may be subject to audit by various tax authorities
September&#160;26
December&#160;29
December&#160;28
December&#160;28
 2014
December&#160;28
three months ended December 29
 2013
 the Company
 with its respective subsidiaries
 is included in its U.S. parent company's consolidated federal income tax group and consolidated income tax return.  The members of the consolidated group have elected to allocate income taxes among the members of the group by the separate return method
 under which the parent company credits the subsidiary for income tax reductions resulting from the subsidiary's inclusion in the consolidated return
 or the parent company charges the subsidiary for its allocated share of the consolidated income tax liability.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
        
        


Equity Method Investment
 Ownership Percentage
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Equity Method Investment
 Ownership Percentage
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee
 adjusted for any distributions (dividends) and other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses recognized.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

PENSION AND OTHER RETIREMENT PLANS Schedule of Components of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Details) (Successor
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified












          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 and that are recognized as increases or decreases in other comprehensive income as they arise. Gains and losses are due to changes in the value of either the benefit obligation or the plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from a change in an actuarial assumption
 or the consequence of a decision to temporarily deviate from the substantive plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which has not yet been recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

INVESTMENTS Schedule of Summarized Financial Information for Equity Method Investments (Details) (Campofrio Food Group
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      



















          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Equity Method Investment
 Summarized Financial Information
 Revenue
$ 1
717.6
$ 2
564.4
$ 2
464.6
$ 2
536.1


Equity Method Investment
 Summarized Financial Information
 Gross Profit (Loss)
        
        
        
        


Equity Method Investment
 Summarized Financial Information
 Net Income (Loss)
        
        
        
        


Equity Method Investment
 Summarized Financial Information
 Current Assets
        
        
        
        


Equity Method Investment
 Summarized Financial Information
 Noncurrent Assets
2
051.2
2
046.2
        
        


Equity Method Investment
 Summarized Financial Information
 Current Liabilities
        
1
021.9
        
        


Equity Method Investment
 Summarized Financial Information
 Noncurrent Liabilities
$ 1
077.7
$ 1
046.8
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 allowances
 and discounts reported by an equity method investment of the entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS Schedule of Fair Value and Carrying Value of Debt (Details) (Successor
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified












          

        
        


Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]
        
        


Long-term Debt
 Fair Value
$ 2
782.0
$ 3
120.2


        
$ 2
717.8
$ 3
020.1




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


Equity Method Investment
 Additional Information
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Equity Method Investment
 Additional Information
        
        


Equity Method Investment
 Ownership Percentage
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

EQUITY Share Repurchase Program (Details) (Smithfield Foods Share Repurchase Program
 USD $)
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      











          

        
        


Equity
 Class of Treasury Stock [Line Items]
        
        


Common stock repurchased
 shares
19
068
079
28
244
783


        
        
        


Stock Repurchased During Period
 Average Price Per Share
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
6.625% senior unsecured notes
 due August 2022
1
1
7.75% senior unsecured notes
 due July 2017
5.25% senior unsecured notes
5.875% senior unsecured notes
Floating rate senior unsecured term loan
Inventory Revolver
Securitization Facility
Various
 interest rates from 0.0% to 3.13%
2
3
2
2
972.8


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
$ 250
500
000
        


        
        
764
600
000
        


        
        
2
504
700
000
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 net
        
2
719
200
000
        


        
        
1
631
500
000
1
622
500
000


        
        
479
100
000
        


        
        
1
403
000
000
        


        
        
171
700
000
        


        
        
10
138
500
000
        


        
        
239
100
000
        


        
        
535
300
000
        


        
        
590
800
000
        


        
        
2
509
100
000
        


        
        
522
800
000
        


Deferred income taxes
 net
        
664
400
000
        


        
        
125
800
000
        


        
        
5
187
300
000
        


        
        
48
200
000
        


        
        
4
903
000
000
        


Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets
 Prepaid Expense and Other Assets
        
214
200
000
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets
1
300
000
000
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Finite-Lived Intangibles
3
000
000
        
        


Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Finite-Lived Intangibles
40
000
000
        
        


Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Finite-Lived Intangibles
$ 55
000
000
        
        


Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Net Long-Term Pension Liability
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Recognized Identifiables Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Investments
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 acquired at the acquisition date. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including trade receivables
 that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 and amounts due from others
 including related parties expected to be converted to cash
 sold or exchanged within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 assumed at the acquisition date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 that lack physical substance
 having a projected indefinite period of benefit
 acquired at the acquisition date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 acquired at the acquisition date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including goodwill
 in excess of (less than) the aggregate liabilities assumed.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Like other participants in the industry
 we are subject to various laws and regulations administered by federal
 state and other government entities
 including the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and corresponding state agencies
 as well as the United States Department of Agriculture
 the Grain Inspection
 Packers and Stockyard Administration
 the United States Food and Drug Administration
 the United States Occupational Safety and Health Administration
We from time to time receive notices and inquiries from regulatory authorities and others asserting that we are not in compliance with such laws and regulations. In some instances
 litigation ensues. In addition
In July
 August and September 2013
 25 complaints were filed in the Superior Court of Wake County
 North Carolina by 479 individual plaintiffs against Smithfield and our wholly owed subsidiary
In August
 September and October 2014
 25 complaints were filed in the Eastern District of North Carolina by 515 individual plaintiffs against our wholly owned subsidiary
 Murphy-Brown
 alleging causes of action for nuisance and related claims. The complaints stemmed from the nuisance cases previously filed in the Superior Court of Wake County. On February 23
 2015
 all 25 complaints were amended and one complaint was severed into two separate actions. The 26 currently pending complaints were filed on behalf of 541 plaintiffs and relate to approximately 14 company-owned and 75 contract farms. All 26 complaints include causes of action for temporary nuisance and negligence and seek recovery of an unspecified amount of compensatory
 special and punitive damages
Our policy for establishing accruals and disclosures for contingent liabilities is contained in Note 1-Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. We established a reserve estimating our expenses to defend against these and similar potential claims on the Successor's opening balance sheet. Consequently
 expenses and other liabilities associated with these claims for subsequent periods will not affect our profits or losses unless our reserve proves to be insufficient or excessive. However
 legal expenses incurred in our and our subsidiaries&#8217; defense of these claims and any payments made to plaintiffs through unfavorable verdicts or otherwise will negatively impact our cash flows and our liquidity position. Given that these matters are in its very preliminary stages and given the inherent uncertainty of the outcome for these and similar potential claims
 we cannot estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of loss for these loss contingencies outside the expenses we will incur to defend against these claims. We will continue to review whether an additional accrual is necessary and whether we have the ability to estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of loss for these matters.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
In January 2015
 we commenced a cash tender offer for our 2017
 2018
 2021 and 2022 Notes
 (2015 Tender Offer).  The 2015 Tender Offer expired in February 2015.  As a result of the 2015 Tender Offer
 of principal.  As a result of these repurchases
 in the first quarter of 2015
 including the write-off of related unamortized premiums and debt issuance costs.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      


 2014

          



 2014

          







        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Grants in Period
 Gross
160
500
000
160
500
000
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Grants in Period
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Outstanding
 Number
151
400
000
151
400
000
        


Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Nonvested Options Forfeited
 Number of Shares
(9
100
000)
(9
100
000)
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested options.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Patents
 Rights and Leasehold Interests [Member] | Minimum [Member]
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Patents
 Rights and Leasehold Interests [Member] | Maximum [Member]
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Amortized intangible assets
 net
        
        


        
1
291.7
1
309.2


Intangible assets
 net
1
380.9
1
405.8


        
        
        


        
        
        


Amortized intangible assets
 gross
        
        


Successor | Patents
 Rights and Leasehold Interests [Member]
        
        


        
        
        


Amortized intangible assets
 gross
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Amortized intangible assets
 gross
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 symbol or other device or style for a projected indefinite period of benefit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
              
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      










        
        
        


Breeding Sows
 Number
        
894
000


Market Hogs
 Number
        
14
660
000


        
        
        


        
        
4
270
000


        
        
        


        
        
27
874
000


Production of Live Hog Requirements
 Percent
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
2
844
300
000


        
        
        


        
        
$ 2
400.0


        
        
        


        
        
489
300
000


        
        
        


        
        
533
700
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Balance
 April 28
Balance
 September 26
Predecessor goodwill was allocated to the Pork segment.  Upon changing our segments in 2014
 to segregate the Fresh Pork and Packaged Meats components into separate reportable segments
Balance
 September 27
1
1
Balance
 December 29
1
1
Balance
 December 28
1
1
Purchase accounting adjustments relate to adjustments recognized in connection with the purchase price allocation due to the Merger.  We consider these adjustments immaterial to the Successor opening balance sheet and as such
 did not retrospectively apply the adjustments to the Successor opening balance sheet.


Schedule of Segment Reporting Information
 by Segment [Table Text Block]
December&#160;28
September 27 - December 29
5
1
7
1
3
1
17
4
(2
(2
15
3
We do not reflect transfers of Fresh Pork to Packaged Meats as sales.  In WH Group's segment reporting the Fresh Pork segment includes transfers of fresh pork to the Packaged Meats segment as sales.  As such
twelve months ended December 28
three months ended December 29
 2013
April 29 - September 26
April&#160;28
April 29
2
4
5
2
6
6
1
3
3
1
1
6
15
15
(1
(2
(2
(1
(2
(2
5
13
13
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
3
3
2
2
1
1
2
2
10
9
Given the nature of the Fresh Pork and Packaged Meats operations
 many of their assets are shared and not allocated.  Accordingly
 we have disclosed the assets on a combined basis
$1.2 billion of trademarks related to our domestic brands are owned by certain holding companies included within Corporate.  Additionally
December 28
December&#160;29
 2013
December&#160;28
September 27 - December 29
April 29 - September 26
April&#160;28
April 29
Given the nature of the Fresh Pork and Packaged Meats operations
 many of their assets are shared and not allocated.  Accordingly
 we have disclosed the capital expenditures on a combined basis
 consistent with how they are reported to the CODM.


Schedule of Revenue from External Customers and Long-Lived Assets
 by Geographical Areas [Table Text Block]
        
three months ended December 29
 2013
five months ended September 26
 2013
twelve months ended April 28
twelve months ended April 29
December 28
September 27 - December 29
April 29 - September 26
April&#160;28
April 29
13
3
5
11
11
1
1
1
15
3
5
13
13
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
December&#160;28
December&#160;29
5
5
1
6
6
450.7


        
        


        
        


        
December 28
September 27 - December 29
April 29 - September 26
April&#160;28
April 29
Consists primarily of grains
 feed and gains (losses) on derivatives.


        
        


        
        


        
The following table shows the percentages of International segment revenues derived from packaged meats
December 28
September 27 - December 29
April 29 - September 26
April&#160;28
April 29
Includes feathers
 by-products and rendering




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 customer relationships with financial institutions
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred taxes assets) located in identified geographic areas and/or the amount of revenue from external customers attributed to that country from which revenue is material.  An entity may also provide subtotals of geographic information about groups of countries.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        

      


































































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 4
092.9
$ 3
702.3
$ 3
814.0
$ 3
422.1
$ 3
894.2
        
$ 3
337.2
$ 3
337.8
$ 3
326.9
        
$ 15
031.3
$ 13
896.1
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
10
147.6
        
        
        
9
954.8
9
954.8
        
        
        
        
10
147.6
9
954.8
        
        
        
        


        
1
631.5
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
631.5
        
        
        
        
1
622.5


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
3
807.5
        
        
        
3
786.8
3
786.8
        
        
        
        
3
807.5
3
786.8
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
518.9


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
2
142.9
        
        
        
2
136.6
2
136.6
        
        
        
        
2
142.9
2
136.6
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
1
536.2
        
        
        
1
714.2
1
714.2
        
        
        
        
1
536.2
1
714.2
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
2
661.0
        
        
        
2
317.2
2
317.2
        
        
        
        
2
661.0
2
317.2
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
5
679.5
        
        
13
221.1
13
094.3
8
898.7
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
3
894.2
        
        
        
        
15
031.3
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
10
147.6
        
        
        
9
954.8
9
954.8
        
        
        
        
10
147.6
9
954.8
        
        
        
        


        
1
626.2
        
        
        
1
622.5
1
622.5
        
        
        
        
1
626.2
1
622.5
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
1
518.3
        
        
        
1
518.9
1
518.9
        
        
        
        
1
518.3
1
518.9
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
431.4
1
430.4
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
613.1
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
6
864.7
        
        
15
679.7
15
612.3
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
2
240.3
        
        
4
924.1
5
089.4
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
2
541.7
        
        
6
152.0
6
003.6
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
439.1
        
        
3
135.1
3
052.6
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
468.5
1
466.7
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
4
633.6
        
        
        
        
17
991.6
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
2
400.0
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
1
347.3
        
        
        
        
5
780.0
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
1
968.9
        
        
        
        
7
173.0
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
3
384.6
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
1
654.0
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(1
166.2)
        
        
(2
418.8)
(2
481.0)
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(1
150.3)
        
        
(2
380.1)
(2
444.6)
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(2
960.3)
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(2
862.8)
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (PARENTHETICAL) (Parentheticals) (Successor
 USD $)












          

        
        


Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)
        
        


Preferred stock
 authorized shares (in shares)
        
        


Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)
        
        


Common stock
 authorized shares (in shares)
1
000
1
000


Common stock
 shares issued (in shares)
1
000
1
000


Common stock
 shares outstanding (in shares)
1
000
1
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      










Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Net of Unsettled Transactions
        
        


        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Target Plan Asset Allocations Range Minimum
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Target Plan Asset Allocations Range Maximum
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Target Plan Asset Allocations Range Minimum
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Target Plan Asset Allocations Range Maximum
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Target Plan Asset Allocations Range Minimum
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Target Plan Asset Allocations Range Maximum
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Target Plan Asset Allocations Range Minimum
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Target Plan Asset Allocations Range Maximum
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
 1
214.7
$ 1
122.8


Successor | Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Net of Unsettled Transactions
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
1
122.8


Predecessor | Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Net of Unsettled Transactions
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
 those non-benefit obligations may be considered as reductions of plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Portsmouth
In November 2011
 we announced that we would shift the production of hot dogs and lunchmeat from The Smithfield Packing Company
 Inc.'s (Smithfield Packing) Portsmouth
 Virginia plant to our Kinston
 North Carolina plant and permanently close the Portsmouth facility. The Kinston facility was expanded to handle the additional production and incorporates state of the art technology and equipment
As a result of this decision
twelve months ended April 29
 and determined that the net cash flows expected to be generated over the anticipated remaining useful life of the plant are sufficient to recover its book value. As such
 no impairment existed. However
 we revised depreciation estimates to reflect the use of the related assets at the Portsmouth facility over their shortened useful lives. As a result
twelve months ended April 28
twelve months ended April 29
 2012
 respectively. Also
 in connection with this decision
twelve months ended April 29
 2012




        
          

        
          
            

 manner and timing of disposal
 the gain (loss) recognized in the income statement and the income statement caption that includes that gain (loss)
 amounts of revenues and pretax profit or loss reported in discontinued operations
 the segment in which the disposal group was reported
 and the classification (whether sold or classified as held for sale) and carrying value of the assets and liabilities comprising the disposal group. Includes all disposal groups
 including those classified as components of the entity (discontinued operations).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

DERIVATIVES FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS Fair Value
 Net (Details) (Successor
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified











Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Gross Asset
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability
        
        



          

        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Gross Asset
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Amount Not Offset Against Collateral
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Collateral
 Obligation to Return Cash
 Offset
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Amount Offset Against Collateral
        
        



          

        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Asset
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Amount Not Offset Against Collateral
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Collateral
 Right to Reclaim Cash
 Offset
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Amount Offset Against Collateral
        
        



          

        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Gross Asset
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Amount Not Offset Against Collateral
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Collateral
 Obligation to Return Cash
 Offset
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Amount Offset Against Collateral
        
        



          

        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Asset
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Amount Not Offset Against Collateral
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Collateral
 Right to Reclaim Cash
 Offset
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Amount Offset Against Collateral
        
        



          

        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Asset
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Amount Not Offset Against Collateral
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Collateral
 Right to Reclaim Cash
 Offset
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Amount Offset Against Collateral
        
        



          

        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Gross Asset
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Amount Not Offset Against Collateral
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Collateral
 Obligation to Return Cash
 Offset
        
        


Derivative Asset
 Fair Value
 Amount Offset Against Collateral
        
        



          

        
        


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Liability
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Gross Asset
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Amount Not Offset Against Collateral
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Collateral
 Right to Reclaim Cash
 Offset
        
        


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Amount Offset Against Collateral
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes assets elected not to be offset. Excludes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after offset of derivative liability
 of financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 before offset against an obligation to return collateral under a master netting arrangement. Includes assets elected not to be offset. Excludes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after effects of master netting arrangements
 of financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset offset against an obligation to return collateral. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities elected not to be offset. Excludes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after offset of derivative asset
 of financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 elected not to be and before offset against a right to receive collateral under a master netting arrangement. Includes liabilities elected not to be offset. Excludes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after effects of master netting arrangements
 of financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset offset against the right to receive collateral. Includes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        

      


















        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Increases Resulting from Current Period Tax Positions
        
        
        
        


Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Decreases Resulting from Prior Period Tax Positions
        
        
        
        


Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Increases Resulting from Prior Period Tax Positions
        
        
        
        


Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Decreases Resulting from Settlements with Taxing Authorities
        
        
        
        


Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Reductions Resulting from Lapse of Applicable Statute of Limitations
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      






















        
        
        
        
        
        


Revenue
 Product Category
 Percentage
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Revenue
 Product Category
 Percentage
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Revenue
 Product Category
 Percentage
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Revenue
 Product Category
 Percentage
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Revenue
 Product Category
 Percentage
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Revenue
 Product Category
 Percentage
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Production of Live Hog Requirements
 Percent
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
27
874
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
4
270
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
489
300
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Revenue
 Product Category
 Percentage
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Revenue
 Product Category
 Percentage
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Revenue
 Product Category
 Percentage
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Revenue
 Product Category
 Percentage
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Revenue
 Product Category
 Percentage
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        


Revenue
 Product Category
 Percentage
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

DEBT Debt Issuance (Details) (Senior Unsecured Notes
 Six Point Six Two Five Percent
 Due August 2022
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      








 Six Point Six Two Five Percent


        


        
        


Debt Instrument
 Face Amount
$ 1
000.0


Debt Instrument
 Discount Percentage at Issuance
        


Proceeds from Issuance of Long-term Debt
 Net of Debt Issuance Costs
        


        
        


Debt Issuance Costs
 Life
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of debt issuance costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 broker
 and regulatory fees).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Smithfield Foods
 Inc.

 'defref_us-gaap_FiscalPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_SelfInsurancePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsPresentValueOfNetMinimumPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_CommitteedFundsForApprovedCapitalProjects'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsCurrentCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedPerformanceBasedUnitsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=sfd_InsuranceContractsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssetsStillHeld'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssetsSoldDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPurchasesSalesAndSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=sfd_LimitedPartnershipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssetsStillHeld'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssetsSoldDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPurchasesSalesAndSettlements'

