

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000091388-13-000040
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		23
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20130428
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130618
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130618
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SMITHFIELD FOODS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000091388
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEAT PACKING PLANTS [2011]
		IRS NUMBER:				520845861
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0427
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15321
		FILM NUMBER:		13919831
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 COMMERCE STREET
		STREET 2:		EXECUTIVE OFFICE BUILDING
		CITY:			SMITHFIELD
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23430
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7573653000
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 COMMERCE STREET
		STREET 2:		EXECUTIVE OFFICE BUILDING
		CITY:			SMITHFIELD
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23430
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LIBERTY EQUITIES CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19710221
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LIBERTY REAL ESTATE TRUST
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19661113












		


Washington
April&#160;28
SMITHFIELD FOODS
Smithfield
(Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
Common Stock
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&#160;405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
October&#160;28
&#32;last sales price of registrant&#8217;s Common Stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on the last business day of the registrant&#8217;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter by (ii)&#160;the number of shares of registrant&#8217;s Common Stock not held by any executive officer or director of the registrant or any person known to the registrant to own more than five percent of the outstanding Common Stock of the registrant. Such calculation does not constitute an admission or determination that any such executive officer
June&#160;11
 2013
138
952
Portions of our definitive proxy statement for the 2013 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report.&#160;In the event we do not prepare and file such proxy statement
 such information shall be provided instead by an amendment to this report filed no later than August 26
SMITHFIELD FOODS
Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Directors
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
Smithfield Foods
 Inc.
 together with its subsidiaries (the &#8220;Company
&#8221; Smithfield, &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us&#8221; or &#8220;our&#8221;)
 began as a pork processing operation called The Smithfield Packing Company
 founded in 1936 by Joseph W. Luter and his son
 Joseph W. Luter
 Jr. Through a series of acquisitions starting in 1981
We produce and market a wide variety of fresh meat and packaged meats products both domestically and internationally.&#160;&#160;We operate in a cyclical industry and our results are affected by fluctuations in commodity prices. Additionally
We conduct our operations through four reportable segments: Pork
 Hog Production
 International and Corporate
 each&#160;of which is comprised of a number of subsidiaries
 joint ventures and other investments. A fifth reportable segment
 the Other segment
 contains the results of our former turkey production operations and our previous 49% interest in Butterball
 LLC (Butterball)
 which were sold in December 2010 (fiscal 2011). The Pork segment consists mainly of our three wholly-owned U.S. fresh pork and packaged meats subsidiaries: The Smithfield Packing Company
 Inc. (Smithfield Packing)
 Farmland Foods
 Inc. (Farmland Foods) and John Morrell Food Group (John Morrell). The Hog Production segment consists of our hog production operations located in the U.S. The International segment is comprised mainly of our meat processing and distribution operations in Poland
 Romania and the United Kingdom
 our interests in meat processing operations
 mainly in Western Europe and Mexico
On May 28
 2013
 we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) with Shuanghui International Holdings Limited
 a corporation formed under the laws of the Cayman Islands (Shuanghui) and Sun Merger Sub
 Inc.
 a Virginia corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Shuanghui (Merger Sub and
 together with Shuanghui
 the Parent Parties)
 pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company (the Merger)
At the effective time of the Merger (the Effective Time)
 each share of the Company's common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
 other than certain excluded shares
 will be converted into the right to receive $34.00 in cash
 without interest (the Merger Consideration).  In addition
 upon completion of the Merger
 all then-outstanding stock-based compensation awards
 whether vested or unvested
 will be converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration
 less the exercise price of such awards
The closing of the Merger is subject to a condition that the Merger Agreement be adopted by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of all of the outstanding shares of the Company's common stock entitled to vote thereon at such meeting (the Company Shareholder Approval).  Consummation of the Merger is also subject to other customary closing conditions including
 among other things
 the satisfaction (or
 in certain cases
 waiver) of certain regulatory requirements including the receipt of approval under applicable U.S. and specified foreign antitrust and anti-competition laws and if review by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) has concluded
 the absence of any action by the President of the United States to block or prevent the consummation of the Merger .  Each party's obligation to consummate the Merger also is subject to certain additional conditions that include
 among other things
 the accuracy of the other party's representations and warranties
 and the other party's compliance with its covenants and agreements
i
 rollover of certain existing Company debt
ding
The Merger Agreement contains representations and warranties customary for transactions of this type.  The Company has agreed to various customary covenants and agreements
 including
 among others
Pursuant to the terms of a limited &#8220;go-shop&#8221; provision in the Merger Agreement
 the Company and its subsidiaries and their respective representatives may initiate
 solicit and encourage any alternative acquisition proposals from two third parties who provided acquisition proposals to the Company or its representatives during a specified period prior to the date of the Merger Agreement (the Qualified Pre-Existing Bidders)
 provide nonpublic information to such Qualified Pre-Existing Bidders and participate in discussions and negotiations with such Qualified Pre-Existing Bidders regarding alternative acquisition proposals.  With respect to third parties other than the Qualified Pre-Existing Bidders
Prior to obtaining the Company Shareholder Approval
 under specified circumstances our board of directors may change its recommendation in connection with an intervening event that was not known (or the consequences of which were not reasonably foreseen) as of the date of the Merger Agreement
 or in connection with an alternative proposal that does not result from a breach of the &#8220;no shop&#8221; restrictions and that our board of directors determines in good faith would
 if consummated
 constitute a superior proposal (in which latter case the Company may also terminate the Merger Agreement to enter into such superior proposal).  Before our board of directors may change its recommendation in connection with a superior proposal or intervening event
 or terminate the Merger Agreement to accept a superior proposal
The Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights for the Company and Shuanghui including
 subject to certain limitations
 the right of either party to terminate the Merger Agreement if the Merger is not consummated by November 29
 2013.  Upon termination of the Merger Agreement under specified customary circumstances
Additional information about the Merger Agreement is set forth in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 29
We are focused on top and bottom line growth and transforming the Company into a more value-added consumer packaged meats company. Our strategy includes growing our base business
Continued higher investment in marketing and advertising programs to build brand equity and grow sales. Our plan is to increase our annual marketing and advertising expenditures by double digits for the foreseeable future. Currently
Establish a culture of innovation to build a strong product pipeline to drive packaged meats volume and margins. Our innovation initiative will be focused in five strategic areas: packaging
 health and wellness
 convenience
 taste and pork consumer solutions. These platforms have a strong focus on product differentiation highlighting quality and convenience
 better-for-you foods
 including lower sodium
 lean protein
 and natural ingredients
Emphasize our hog production assets as a strategic point of difference. We believe that our vertically integrated platform is a competitive advantage for the Company as it allows us to meet customer specifications. Both domestic and export customers are asking for differentiated products
 from gestation pen pork to ractopamine-free meat
April&#160;28
 2013
 our facilities in Clinton
 North Carolina and Bladen County
 North Carolina were 100% ractopamine-free. Our facility in Milan
In addition to our organic growth strategy
American Skin Food Group
In September 2012 (fiscal 2013)
&#32;controlling interest in American Skin Food Group
&#32;in cash
Located in Burgaw
 North Carolina
 American Skin manufactures and supplies pork rinds to the snack food industry. By leveraging our coordinated sales and marketing team
 we believe American Skin can expand into new markets both domestically and internationally
Kansas City Sausage
In May 2013 (fiscal 2014)
&#32;interest in Kansas City Sausage Company
 LLC (KCS)
&#32;in cash
 subject to a customary post-closing adjustment for differences between working capital at closing and an agreed-upon target. Upon closing
 in addition to the cash purchase price
&#32;to the seller in exchange for a promissory note
 which is secured by the remaining membership interests in KCS held by the seller.  Additionally
 we entered into a revolving loan agreement with KCS
KCS is a leading U.S. sausage producer and sow processor. We intend to merge KCS's low-cost
 efficient operations and high-quality products with our strong brands and sales and marketing team to continue to grow our packaged meats business. The venture will operate in Des Moines
 Iowa and Kansas City
 Missouri. In Des Moines
 the venture will produce premium raw materials for sausage
 as well as value-added products
 including boneless hams and hides. The Kansas City plant is a modern sausage processing facility and is designed for optimum efficiency to provide retail and foodservice customers with high quality products. With our strong ongoing focus on building our packaged meats business
&#32;of the U.S. sow population
In August 2012 (fiscal 2013)
&#32;aggregate principal amount of ten year
&#32;of outstanding senior notes coming due in May 2013 and July 2014. As a result of these repurchases
&#32;Rabobank Term Loan (the Rabobank Term Loan) from June 2016 (fiscal 2017) to May 2018 (fiscal 2019). These activities have significantly improved our debt maturity profile
 removed the early maturity trigger on our inventory-based revolving credit facility (the Inventory Revolver)
In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013
. All other terms and conditions of the Inventory Revolver remain unchanged
 including the limitation on the actual amount of credit that is available from time to time under the Inventory Revolver as a result of borrowing base valuations of our inventory
&#32;term loan with a scheduled maturity date of February 4
 2014 (the Bank of America Term Loan). The Bank of America Term Loan bears interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 3.25% per annum or
 at our election
 a base rate plus 2.25% per annum. These two financing activities increased our liquidity and provided capital funding at a lower interest rate
The Pork segment consists mainly of three wholly-owned U.S. fresh pork&#160;and packaged meats subsidiaries: Smithfield Packing
 Farmland Foods and John Morrell. The Pork segment produces a wide variety of fresh pork and packaged meats products in the U.S. and markets them nationwide and to numerous foreign markets
 including China
 Japan
 Mexico
 Russia and Canada. The Pork segment currently operates approximately 40 processing plants. We process hogs at eight plants (five in the Midwest and three in the Southeast)
 with an aggregate slaughter capacity of approximately 113
000 hogs per day. In 
. A substantial portion of our fresh pork is sold to retail customers as unprocessed
 trimmed cuts such as butts
 loins (including roasts and chops)
. We produce a wide variety of packaged meats
 including smoked and boiled hams
 bacon
 sausage
 hot dogs (pork
 beef and chicken)
 deli and luncheon meats
 specialty products such as pepperoni
 dry meat products
 and ready-to-eat
 prepared foods such as pre-cooked entrees and pre-cooked bacon and sausage. We market our domestic packaged meats products under a number of labels including the following core brand names: Smithfield
 Farmland
 John Morrell
 Gwaltney
 Armour
 Eckrich
 Margherita
 Carando
 Kretschmar
 Cook&#8217;s
Our product lines also include leaner fresh pork products as well as lower-fat and lower-salt packaged meats. We also market a line of lower-fat value-priced luncheon meats
 smoked sausage and hot dogs
 as well as fat-free deli hams and 40% lower-fat bacon.&#160;
As a complement to our Pork segment
853
The profitability of hog production is directly related to the market price of live hogs and the cost of feed grains such as corn and soybean meal. The Hog Production segment generates higher profits when hog prices are high and feed grain prices are low
 and lower profits (or losses) when hog prices are low and feed grain prices are high. We believe that the Hog Production segment furthers our strategic initiative of vertical integration and reduces our exposure to fluctuations in profitability historically experienced by the pork processing industry. In addition
 with the importance of food safety to the consumer
Consists primarily of grains
We own certain genetic lines of specialized breeding stock which are marketed using the name Smithfield Premium Genetics (SPG). The Hog Production segment makes extensive use of these genetic lines
853
&#32;SPG breeding sows. In addition
 we have sublicensed some of these rights to some of our strategic hog production partners. We believe that the hogs produced by these genetic lines enable us to market highly differentiated pork products. We believe that the leanness and increased meat yields of these hogs enhance our profitability with respect to both fresh pork and packaged meats. In 
We use advanced management techniques to produce premium quality hogs on a large scale at a low cost. We develop breeding stock
 optimize diets for our hogs at each stage of the growth process
 process feed for our hogs and design hog containment facilities. We believe our economies of scale and production methods
 together with our use of the advanced SPG genetics
 make us a low cost producer of premium quality hogs. We also utilize independent farmers and their facilities to raise hogs produced from our breeding stock. Under multi-year contracts
 a farmer provides the initial facility investment
 labor and front line management in exchange for a service fee. In 
The International segment includes our meat processing and distribution operations in Poland
 Romania and the United Kingdom
 our interests in meat processing operations
 mainly in Western Europe and Mexico
 our hog production operations located in Poland and Romania and our interests in hog production operations in Mexico. Our international meat processing operations produce a wide variety of fresh pork
 beef
 poultry and packaged meats products
 including cooked hams
 sausages
 hot dogs
 bacon and canned meats. Our noncontrolling interests in international meat processing operations include a 37% interest in the common stock of Campofr&#237;o Food Group (CFG)
 a leading European packaged meats company headquartered in Madrid
 Spain
The following table shows the percentages of International segment revenues derived from packaged meats
Includes external hog sales
 feed
 feathers
The International segment has sales denominated in foreign currencies and
 as a result
Feed grains
 including corn
 soybean meal and wheat
 are the primary raw materials of our hog production operations. These grains are readily available from numerous sources at competitive prices. We generally purchase corn and soybean meal through forward purchase contracts. Historically
Live hogs are the primary raw materials of the Pork segment and our meat processing operations in the International segment. Historically
 hog prices have been subject to substantial fluctuations. Hog supplies
 and consequently prices
 are affected by factors such as corn and soybean meal prices
. In addition
 we have established multi-year agreements with Maxwell Foods
 Inc. and Prestage Farms
 Inc.
Like the Pork segment
We also purchase fresh pork from other meat processors to supplement our processing requirements. Additional purchases include raw beef
 poultry and other meat products that are added to sausages
 hot dogs and luncheon meats. Those meat products and other materials and supplies
 including seasonings
 smoking and curing agents
 sausage casings and packaging materials
Our hog production facilities have been designed to meet or exceed all applicable zoning and other government regulations. These regulations require
 among other things
 maintenance of separation distances between farms and nearby residences
 schools
 churches
 public use areas
 businesses
 rivers
Hog production facilities generate significant quantities of manure
 which must be managed properly to protect public health and the environment. We believe that we use the best technologies currently available and economically feasible for the management of swine manure
 which require permits under state
 and in some instances
 federal law. The permits impose standards and conditions on the design and operation of the systems to protect public health and the environment
 and can also impose nutrient management planning requirements depending on the type of system utilized. The most common system of swine manure management employed by our hog production facilities is the lagoon and spray field system
We follow a number of other policies and protocols to reduce the impact of our hog production operations on the environment
Our fundamental marketing strategy is to provide quality and value to the ultimate consumers of our fresh pork
We have significant market presence
 both domestically and internationally
 where we sell our fresh pork
 packaged meats and other meat products to national and regional supermarket chains
 wholesale distributors
 the foodservice industry (fast food
 restaurant and hotel chains
 hospitals and other institutional customers)
 export markets and other further processors. We use both in-house salespersons as well as independent commission brokers to sell our products. In 
 we sold our products to more than 3
200 customers
 none of whom accounted for as much as 10% of consolidated revenues. We have no significant or seasonally variable backlog because most customers prefer to order products shortly before shipment and
 therefore
We use a combination of private fleets of leased tractor trailers and independent common carriers and owner operators to distribute live hogs
 fresh pork
 packaged meats and other meat products to our customers
 as well as to move raw materials between plants for further processing. We coordinate deliveries and use backhauling to reduce overall transportation costs. In the U.S.
 we distribute products directly from some of our plants and from leased distribution centers primarily in Missouri
 Pennsylvania
 North Carolina
 Virginia
 Kansas
 Wisconsin
 Indiana
 Illinois
 California
 Iowa
 Nebraska and Texas. We also operate distribution centers adjacent to our plants in Bladen County
 North Carolina
 Sioux Falls
 South Dakota and Crete
 Nebraska. Internationally
We own and use numerous marks
 which are registered trademarks or are otherwise subject to protection under applicable intellectual property laws. We consider these marks and the accompanying goodwill and customer recognition valuable and material to our business. We believe that registered trademarks have been important to the success of our branded fresh pork and packaged meats products. In a number of markets
The meat processing business is somewhat seasonal in that
 traditionally
 the periods of higher sales for hams are the holiday seasons such as Christmas
 Easter and Thanksgiving
 and the periods of higher sales for smoked sausages
 hot dogs and luncheon meats are the summer months. The Pork segment typically builds substantial inventories of hams in anticipation of its seasonal holiday business. In addition
The protein industry is highly competitive. Our products compete with a large number of other protein sources
 including chicken
 beef and seafood
We believe that the principal competitive factors in the pork processing industry are price
 product quality and innovation
 product distribution and brand loyalty. Some of our competitors are more diversified than us
 especially now that we have sold our beef and turkey operations. To the extent that their other operations generate profits
 these more diversified competitors may be able to support their meat processing operations during periods of low or negative profitability.&#160;
 
 
Financial information for each reportable segment
 including revenues
 operating profit and total assets
We are exposed to market risks primarily from changes in commodity prices
 as well as interest rates and foreign exchange rates. To mitigate these risks
Like other participants in the industry
 we are subject to various laws and regulations administered by federal
 state and other government entities
 including the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and corresponding state agencies
 as well as the United States Department of Agriculture
 the Grain Inspection
 Packers and Stockyard Administration
 the United States Food and Drug Administration
 the United States Occupational Safety and Health Administration
From time to time
 we receive notices and inquiries from regulatory authorities and others asserting that we are not in compliance with particular laws and regulations. In some instances
 litigation ensues. In addition
Many of our facilities are subject to environmental permits and other regulatory requirements
 violations of which are subject to civil and criminal sanction. In some cases
We use internationally recognized management systems to manage many of our regulatory programs. For example
 we use the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 14001:2004 standard to manage and optimize environmental performance
 and we were the first in the industry to achieve ISO 14001:2004 certification for our hog production and processing facilities. ISO guidelines require a long-term management plan integrating regular third-party audits
 goal setting
 corrective action
 documentation
 and executive review. Our Environmental Management System (EMS)
 which conforms to the ISO 14001:2004 standard
 addresses the significant environmental aspects of our operations
 provides employee training programs and facilitates engagement with local communities and regulators. Most importantly
 the EMS allows the collection
In March 2011
 the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit overturned&#160;EPA's November 2008&#160;rule requiring&#160;that&#160;confined animal feeding operations&#160;(CAFOs)&#160;that &#8220;discharge or propose to discharge&#8221; apply for&#160;permit coverage under the Clean Water Act's&#160;National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES). The&#160;Fifth Circuit's decision (which held that only discharging CAFOs have a duty to apply for NPDES permit coverage)&#160;has clarified the extent of our&#160;obligations under the NPDES permit program.&#160;EPA has not yet proposed or finalized a rule in response to the Fifth Circuit's decision
During calendar year 2002
 the National Academy of Sciences (the Academy) undertook a study at EPA's request to assist EPA in considering possible future regulation of air emissions from animal feeding operations. The Academy's study identified a need for more research and better information
 but also recommended implementing without delay technically and economically feasible management practices to decrease emissions. Further
 our hog production subsidiaries have accepted EPA's offer to enter into an administrative consent agreement and order with owners and operators of hog farms and other animal production operations. Under the terms of the consent agreement and order
 participating owners and operators agreed to pay a penalty
 contribute towards the cost of an air emissions monitoring study and make their farms available for monitoring. In return
 participating farms have been given immunity from federal civil enforcement actions alleging violations of air emissions requirements under certain federal statutes
 including the Clean Air Act. Pursuant to our consent agreement and order
 we paid a $100
000 penalty to EPA. Premium Standard Farm
 Inc.'s (PSF's) (now Murphy-Brown of Missouri LLC's ) Texas farms and company-owned farms in North Carolina also agreed to participate in this program. The National Pork Board
 of which we are a member and financial contributor
 paid the costs of the air emissions monitoring study on behalf of all hog producers
 including us
 out of funds collected from its members in previous years. The cost of the study for all hog producers was approximately $6.0 million. Monitoring under the study began in the spring 2007 and ended&#160;in the winter 2010. EPA made the data available to the public in January 2011 and also issued a Call for Information seeking additional emissions data to ensure it considers the broadest range of available scientific data as it develops improved methodologies for estimating emissions. EPA will review the data to develop emissions estimating methodologies where site-specific information is unavailable. In March 2012
In calendar year 2009
 EPA finalized its Mandatory Reporting of Greenhouse Gases (GHGs) rule
 which requires owners or operators of certain facilities (including facilities that contain a manure management system) that emit at least 25
000 metric tons or more of GHGs per year to report their emissions. Although EPA has not been implementing the rule as it applies to manure management systems due to a congressional restriction prohibiting the expenditure of funds for this purpose
 there is no assurance that this prohibition will not be lifted in the future. Should that occur
 the rule would impose additional costs on our hog production operations; however
The EPA finalized regulations in calendar year 2010 under the Clean Air Act
 which may trigger new source review and permitting requirements for certain sources of GHG emissions. These rulemakings are all subject to judicial appeals. There may also be changes in applicable state law pertaining to the regulation of GHGs. Several states have taken steps to require the reduction of GHGs by certain companies and public utilities
As in virtually every industry
 GHG emissions occur at several points across our operations
 including production
 transportation and processing. Compliance with future legislation
 if any
 and compliance with currently evolving regulation of GHGs by EPA and the states may result in increased compliance costs
 capital expenditures
 and operating costs. In the event that any future compliance requirements at any of our facilities require more than the sustainability measures that we are currently undertaking to monitor emissions and improve our energy efficiency
As an agriculture-based company
 changes to the climate and weather patterns could also affect key inputs to our business as the result of shifts in temperatures
 water availability
 precipitation
 and other factors. Both the cost and availability of corn and other feed crops
 for example
 could be affected.&#160;The regulation or taxation of carbon emissions could also affect the prices of commodities
 energy
 and other inputs to our business.&#160;We believe there could also be opportunities for us as a result of heightened interest in alternative energy sources
 including those derived from manure
 and participation in carbon markets.&#160;However
 it is not possible at this time to predict the complete structure or outcome of any future legislative efforts to address GHG emissions and climate change
 whether EPA's regulatory efforts will survive court challenge
In October 2010
 the EPA granted a &#8220;partial waiver&#8221; to a statutory bar under the Clean Air Act prohibiting fuel manufacturers from introducing fuel additives that are not &#8220;substantially similar&#8221; to those already approved and in use for vehicles of model year (MY) 1975 or later. The EPA's decision allows fuel manufacturers to increase the ethanol content of gasoline to 15 percent (E15) for use in MY 2007 and newer light-duty motor vehicles
 including passenger cars
 light-duty trucks
 and medium-duty passenger vehicles. In January 2011
 the EPA granted another partial waiver authorizing E15 use in MY 2001-2006 light-duty motor vehicles. Prior to EPA's decisions
These agency actions
 along with subsequent evaluations  by the EPA
 allow the introduction of E15 into commerce and the marketplace by manufacturers. Although the long-term impact of E15 is currently unknown
From time to time we receive notices from regulatory authorities and others asserting that we are not in compliance with certain environmental laws and regulations. In some instances
In March 2006 (fiscal 2006)
 we entered into a consent decree that settled two citizen lawsuits alleging among other things violations of certain environmental laws. The consent decree provides
 among other things
 that our subsidiary
 Murphy-Brown LLC
 will undertake a series of measures designed to enhance the performance of the swine waste management systems on approximately 244 company-owned farms in North Carolina and thereby reduce the potential for surface water or ground water contamination from these farms. Murphy-Brown has successfully completed&#160;a number&#160;of the measures called for in the&#160;consent decree&#160;and&#160;expects to&#160;fulfill its remaining&#160;consent degree obligations over the next 12 to 24 months
Prior to our acquisition of PSF
 it had entered into a consent judgment with the State of Missouri and a consent decree with the federal government and a citizens group. The judgment and decree generally required that PSF pay penalties to settle past alleged regulatory violations
 utilize new technologies to reduce nitrogen in the material that it applies to farm fields and research
 and develop and implement &#8220;Next Generation Technology&#8221; for environmental controls at certain of its Missouri farm operations.&#160;PSF has successfully completed&#160; the measures called for in the&#160;state judgment and the state court terminated the judgment in the fall of 2012. PSF has also completed a number of the measures called for in the federal consent decree
In July 2000
 in furtherance of our continued commitment to responsible environmental stewardship
 we and our North Carolina-based hog production subsidiaries voluntarily entered into an agreement with the Attorney General of North Carolina (the Agreement) designed to enhance water quality in the State of North Carolina through a series of initiatives to be undertaken by us and our subsidiaries while protecting access to swine operations in North Carolina. One of the features of the Agreement reflects our commitment to preserving and enhancing the environment of eastern North Carolina by providing a total of $50.0 million to assist in the preservation of wetlands and other natural areas in eastern North Carolina and to promote similar environmental enhancement activities. To fulfill our commitment
 we made annual contributions of $2.0 million beginning in fiscal 2001 through fiscal 2010. Due to the losses we were experiencing in our Hog Production segment in fiscal 2010
More than a decade ago
 Smithfield developed and implemented a comprehensive
 systematic animal care management program to monitor and measure the well-being of pigs on company-owned and contract farms.  Developed in consultation with two of the world's foremost experts in animal behavior and handling
 this system continues to guide our operations today.  Our animal care management program guides the proper and humane care of our animals at every stage of their lives
shelter that is designed
 maintained
Several years ago
 we volunteered to provide input and recommendations to help the National Pork Board enhance its animal care management program for all pork producers. That program
 which includes many of the tenets of our own guidelines
 became the National Pork Board's Pork Quality Assurance Plus (PQA Plus&#174;) program. A pork producer becomes PQA Plus certified only after staff attend training sessions on good production practices (which includes topics such as responsible animal handling
 disease prevention
 biosecurity
 responsible antibiotic use
Smithfield was also one of the founding adopters of the National Pork Board's &#8220;We Care&#8221; program
At all of our slaughter facilities
Our plants all have developed quality programs following the standards set in the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Process Verified Program (PVP)
 as described elsewhere in this report. Our PVP programs monitor aspects of traceability
 country of origin
 PQA Plus&#174; adherence on farms
In January 2007 (fiscal 2007)
 we announced a voluntary
 ten-year program to phase out individual gestation stalls at our company-owned sow farms and replace the gestation stalls with group pens. We currently estimate the total cost of our transition to group pens to be approximately $360.0 million
 including associated maintenance and repairs. This program represents a significant financial commitment and reflects our desire to be more animal friendly
 as well as to address the concerns and needs of our customers. As of the end of calendar year 2012
The following table shows the approximate number of our employees and the approximate number of employees covered by collective bargaining agreements or that are members of labor unions in each segment
April&#160;28
31
18
9
2
5
46
20
8
. The information on our website is not part of this annual report. Our annual report on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after filing or furnishing the material to the SEC. You may read and copy documents we file at the SEC&#8217;s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 N.E.
 Washington D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for information on the public reference room. The SEC maintains a website that contains annual
 quarterly and current reports
The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The risk factors below represent what we believe are the known material risk factors with respect to us and our business. Any of the following risks could materially adversely affect our business
 operations
 industry
The announcement and pendency of the Merger could adversely affect our business
The announcement and pendency of the proposed Merger could cause disruptions in and create uncertainty surrounding our business
 which could have an adverse effect on our business
 financial results and operations
 regardless of whether the Merger is completed. These risks to our business include the following
the impairment of our ability to attract
 retain and motivate key personnel
difficulties maintaining relationships with customers
The proposed Merger may not be completed within the expected timeframe
 or at all
On May 28
 2013
 we entered into the Merger Agreement with Shuanghui.  The Merger Agreement is an executory contract subject to numerous closing conditions beyond our control
 and there is no guarantee that these conditions will be satisfied in a timely manner or at all.  Completion of the Merger is subject to various conditions
 including the adoption of the Merger Agreement by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of all of the outstanding shares of our common stock entitled to vote thereon
 and certain other conditions
 including
 among other things
 the receipt of certain regulatory approvals.  If any of the conditions to the proposed Merger are not satisfied (or waived by the other party)
 we may not complete the Merger.  In addition
 the Merger Agreement may be terminated under certain specified circumstances
 including a change in the recommendation of our board of directors or our termination of the Merger Agreement to enter into an agreement for a superior proposal
 as defined in the Merger Agreement.  Failure to complete the Merger could adversely affect our business and the market price of our common stock in a number of ways
If the Merger is not completed
 and there are no other parties willing and able to acquire us at a price of $34.00 per share or higher
 on terms acceptable to us
We have incurred
 and will continue to incur
 significant costs
 expenses and fees for professional services and other transaction costs in connection with the proposed Merger
Upon termination of the Merger Agreement by the Company or Shuanghui under specified circumstances
 our remedy may be limited to receipt of a reverse termination fee of $275 million from Shuanghui
 and under some circumstances
Upon termination of the Merger Agreement by the Company or Shuanghui under specified circumstances
 including a termination by us in order to accept a superior proposal as defined in the Merger Agreement
The Merger Agreement contains provisions that restrict our ability to entertain a third party proposal to acquire us.  These provisions include the general prohibition other than pursuant to the limited &#8220;go-shop&#8221; provision on our soliciting or engaging in discussions or negotiations regarding any alternative acquisition proposal
 subject to certain exceptions
 and the requirement that we pay a termination fee of $175 million (which amount is reduced to $75 million under specified conditions) if the Merger Agreement is terminated in specified circumstances.  These provisions might discourage an otherwise-interested third party from considering or proposing an acquisition transaction
 even one that may be deemed of greater value than the proposed Merger to our shareholders.  Furthermore
 even if a third party elects to propose an acquisition
We are largely dependent on the cost and supply of hogs and feed ingredients and the selling price of our products and competing protein products
competing demand for corn for use in the manufacture of ethanol or other alternative fuels
environmental and conservation regulations
import and export restrictions such as trade barriers resulting from
 among other things
 health concerns
economic conditions
weather
 including weather impacts on our water supply and the impact on the availability and pricing of grains
energy prices
 including the effect of changes in energy prices on our transportation costs and the cost of feed
We cannot assure you that all or part of any increased costs experienced by us from time to time can be passed along to consumers of our products
Hog prices demonstrate a cyclical nature over periods of years
&#32;per hundredweight in fiscal 2012. Further
 hog raising costs are largely dependent on the fluctuations of commodity prices for corn and other feed ingredients. For example
When hog prices are lower than our hog production costs which occurred in fiscal 2013
Additionally
 commodity pork prices demonstrate a cyclical nature over periods of years
 reflecting changes in the supply of fresh pork and competing proteins on the market
We attempt to manage certain of these risks through the use of our risk management and hedging programs. However
 these programs may also limit our ability to participate in gains from favorable commodity fluctuations. Additionally
Outbreaks of disease among or attributed to livestock can significantly affect production
 the supply of raw materials
We take precautions to ensure that our livestock are healthy and that our processing plants and other facilities operate in a sanitary manner. Nevertheless
 we are subject to risks relating to our ability to maintain animal health and control diseases. Livestock health problems could adversely impact production
From time to time
 we have experienced outbreaks of certain livestock diseases and we may experience additional occurrences of disease in the future. Disease can reduce the number of offspring produced
 hamper the growth of livestock to finished size
 result in expensive vaccination programs and require in some cases the destruction of infected livestock
 all of which could adversely affect our production or ability to sell or export our products. Adverse publicity concerning any disease or health concern could also cause customers to lose confidence in the safety and quality of our food products
 particularly as we expand our branded pork products. In addition to risks associated with maintaining the health of our livestock
 any outbreak of disease elsewhere in the U.S. or in other countries could reduce consumer confidence in the meat products affected by the particular disease
 generate adverse publicity
Outbreaks of disease among or attributed to livestock also may have indirect consequences that adversely affect our business. For example
Our operations are subject to the general risks associated with the food industry
We are subject to risks affecting the food industry generally
food spoilage
food contamination
food allergens
evolving consumer preferences and nutritional and health-related concerns
consumer product liability claims
product tampering
product labeling
the possible unavailability and expense of product liability insurance
the potential cost and disruption of a product recall
Adverse publicity concerning any perceived or real health risk associated with our products could also cause customers to lose confidence in the safety and quality of our food products
 which could adversely affect our ability to sell our products
 particularly as we expand our branded products business. We could also be adversely affected by perceived or real health risks associated with similar products produced by others to the extent such risks cause customers to lose confidence in the safety and quality of such products generally and
 therefore
 lead customers to opt for other meat options that are perceived as safe. The A(H1N1) influenza outbreak that occurred in late fiscal 2009 and early fiscal 2010 illustrates the adverse impact that can result from perceived health risks associated with the products we sell. Although the CDC and other regulatory and scientific bodies indicated that people cannot get A(H1N1) influenza from eating cooked pork or pork products
Our products are susceptible to contamination by disease producing organisms or pathogens
 such as Listeria monocytogenes
 Salmonella
 Campylobacter and generic E. coli. Because these organisms and pathogens are generally found in the environment
 there is a risk that one or more
 as a result of food processing
 could be present in our products. We have systems in place designed to monitor food safety risks throughout all stages of our vertically integrated process. However
 we cannot assure you that such systems
 even when working effectively
 will eliminate the risks related to food safety. These organisms and pathogens can also be introduced to our products as a result of improper handling at the further processing
 foodservice or consumer level. In addition to the risks caused by our processing operations and the subsequent handling of the products
 we may encounter the same risks if any third party tampers with our products. We could be required to recall certain of our products in the event of contamination or adverse test results. Any product contamination also could subject us to product liability claims
 adverse publicity and government scrutiny
 investigation or intervention
Our manufacturing facilities and products
 including the processing
 packaging
 storage
 distribution
 advertising and labeling of our products
 are subject to extensive federal
 state and foreign laws and regulations in the food safety area
 including constant government inspections and governmental food processing controls. Loss of or failure to obtain necessary permits and registrations could delay or prevent us from meeting current product demand
 introducing new products
 building new facilities or acquiring new businesses and could adversely affect operating results. If we are found to be out of compliance with applicable laws and regulations
 particularly if it relates to or compromises food safety
 we could be subject to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls or asset seizures
 as well as potential criminal sanctions
 any of which could have an adverse effect on our financial results. In addition
Our past and present business operations and properties are subject to extensive and increasingly stringent federal
 state
 local and foreign laws and regulations pertaining to protection of the environment
the treatment and&#160;discharge of materials into the environment
Failure to comply with these laws and regulations or any future changes to them may result in significant consequences to us
 including administrative
 civil and criminal penalties
 liability for damages and negative publicity. Some requirements applicable to us may also be enforced by citizen groups or other third parties. Natural disasters
 such as flooding and hurricanes
 can cause the discharge of effluents or other waste into the environment
 potentially resulting in our being subject to further liability claims and governmental regulation as has occurred in the past. See &#8220;Item 1. Business&#8212;Regulation&#8221; for further discussion of regulatory compliance as it relates to environmental risk. We have incurred
 and will continue to incur
We also face the risk of lawsuits even if we are operating in compliance with applicable regulations. For example
 before we acquired PSF and subsequent to our acquisition of PSF
 certain nuisance suits in Missouri resulted in jury verdicts against PSF. In fiscal 2013
 we consummated a global settlement that resolved the vast majority of the outstanding nuisance litigation in Missouri. See &#8220;Item&#160;7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Results of Operations-Missouri litigation&#8221; for additional details. However
 we cannot assure you that additional environmental related lawsuits
 including additional nuisance claims
In addition
 new environmental issues could arise that would cause currently unanticipated investigations
Governmental authorities may take further action restricting our ability to produce and/or sell livestock or adopt new regulations impacting our production or processing operations
A number of states
 including Iowa and Missouri
 have adopted legislation that prohibits or restricts the ability of meat packers
 or in some cases corporations generally
 from owning livestock or engaging in farming. In addition
 Congress has in the past considered federal legislation that would ban meat packers from owning livestock. We cannot assure you that such or similar legislation affecting our operations will not be adopted at the federal or state levels in the future. Such legislation
 if adopted and applicable to our current operations and not successfully challenged or settled
In fiscal 2008
April&#160;28
 2013
&#32;for leases that were transferred to JBS S.A. in connection with the sale of Smithfield Beef
 Inc.; and
&#32;(the Inventory Revolver)
&#32;(the Securitization Facility) and (3) our other credit facilities
Because the borrowing capacity under the Inventory Revolver and Securitization Facility depend
 in part
 on inventory and accounts receivable levels
 respectively
 that fluctuate from time to time
Our indebtedness may increase from time to time for various reasons
 including fluctuations in operating results
 working capital needs
 capital expenditures and potential acquisitions or joint ventures. In addition
 due to the volatile nature of the commodities markets
 we may have to borrow significant amounts to cover any margin calls under our risk management and hedging programs. During 
it may
 together with the financial and other restrictive covenants in the agreements governing our indebtedness
 limit or impair our ability in the future to obtain financing
 refinance any of our indebtedness
 sell assets or raise equity on commercially reasonable terms or at all
 which could cause us to default on our obligations and materially impair our liquidity
a downgrade in our credit rating could restrict or impede our ability to access capital markets at attractive rates and increase the cost of future borrowings
it may reduce our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions or to take advantage of business opportunities that may arise
a portion of our cash flow from operations must be dedicated to interest payments on our indebtedness and is not available for other purposes
 which amount would increase if prevailing interest rates rise
substantially all of our working capital assets in the United States secure the Inventory Revolver and the Securitization Facility
 all of which could limit our ability to dispose of such assets or utilize the proceeds of such dispositions and
 upon an event of default under any such secured indebtedness
 the lenders thereunder could foreclose upon our pledged assets
Further
 our debt agreements restrict the payment of dividends to shareholders and
 under certain circumstances
 may limit additional borrowings
 investments
 the acquisition or disposition of assets
 mergers and consolidations
 transactions with affiliates
Should market conditions deteriorate
 or our operating results be depressed in the future
 we may have to request amendments to our covenants and restrictions. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such relief should it be needed in the future. A breach of any of these covenants or restrictions could result in a default that would permit our senior lenders
 including lenders under the Inventory Revolver
 the Securitization Facility
 the Rabobank Term Loan
 the Bank of America Term Loan and the holders of our senior unsecured notes
 as the case may be
 to declare all amounts outstanding under the Inventory Revolver
 the Securitization Facility
 the Rabobank Term Loan
 the Bank of America Term Loan or the senior unsecured notes to be due and payable
 together with accrued and unpaid interest
 and the commitments of the relevant lenders to make further extensions of credit under the Inventory Revolver and the Securitization Facility could be terminated. If we were unable to repay our secured indebtedness to our lenders
 these lenders could proceed against the collateral securing that indebtedness
 which could include substantially all of our working capital assets in the United States. Our future ability to comply with financial covenants and other conditions
 make scheduled payments of principal and interest
 or refinance existing borrowings depends on future business performance that is subject to economic
 financial
 competitive and other factors
From time to time we review opportunities for strategic growth through acquisitions. We have also pursued and may in the future pursue strategic growth through investment in joint ventures. These acquisitions and investments may involve large transactions or realignment of existing investments. These transactions present financial
 managerial and operational challenges
diversion of management attention from other business concerns
difficulty with integrating businesses
 operations
 personnel and financial and other systems
lack of experience in operating in the geographical market of the acquired business
increased levels of debt potentially leading to associated reduction in ratings of our debt securities and adverse impact on our various financial ratios
the requirement that we periodically review the value at which we carry our investments in joint ventures
 and
 in the event we determine that the value at which we carry a joint venture investment has been impaired
 the requirement to record a non-cash impairment charge
 which charge could substantially affect our reported earnings in the period of such charge
 would negatively impact our financial ratios and could limit our ability to obtain financing in the future
potential loss of key employees and customers of the acquired business
assumption of and exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities of acquired businesses
potential disputes with the sellers
for our investments
 potential lack of common business goals and strategies with
 and cooperation of
In addition
Our numerous equity investments in joint ventures
 partnerships and other entities
 both within and outside the U.S.
 are periodically involved in modifying and amending their credit facilities and loan agreements. The ability of these entities to refinance or amend their facilities on a successful and satisfactory basis
 and to comply with the covenants in their financing facilities
April&#160;28
 2013
 none of our equity investments represented more than 5% of our total consolidated assets. If we determine in the future that an investment is impaired
 we would be required to record a non-cash impairment charge
 which could substantially affect our reported earnings in the period of such charge. In addition
. We conduct foreign operations in Poland
 Romania and the United Kingdom and export our products to more than 40 countries. In addition
April&#160;28
 2013
&#32;of our long-lived assets were associated with our foreign operations. Because of the growing market share of U.S. pork products in the international markets
Our international sales
general economic and political conditions
imposition of tariffs
 quotas
 trade barriers and other trade protection measures imposed by foreign countries
import or export licensing requirements imposed by various foreign countries
the closing of borders by foreign countries to the import of our products due to
 among other things
 animal disease or other perceived health or safety issues
difficulties and costs associated with complying with
 and enforcing remedies under
 a wide variety of complex domestic and international laws
 treaties and regulations
 including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
different regulatory structures and unexpected changes in regulatory environments
tax rates that may exceed those in the United States and earnings that may be subject to withholding requirements and incremental taxes upon repatriation
potentially negative consequences from changes in tax laws
distribution costs
Furthermore
fluctuations in currency values
 which have affected
 among other things
 the costs of our investments in foreign operations
translation of foreign currencies into U.S. dollars
We are involved on an ongoing basis in litigation arising in the ordinary course of business or otherwise. Trends in litigation may include class actions involving consumers
 shareholders
 employees or injured persons
 and claims related to commercial
 labor
 employment
 antitrust
 securities or environmental matters. Moreover
 the process of litigating cases
 even if we are successful
 may be costly
 and may approximate the cost of damages sought. These actions could also expose us to adverse publicity
 which might adversely affect our brands
 reputation and/or customer preference for our products. Litigation trends and expenses and the outcome of litigation cannot be predicted with certainty and adverse litigation trends
We depend on availability of
 and satisfactory relations with
April&#160;28
 2013
46
&#32;employees
20
&#32;of whom are covered by collective bargaining agreements or are members of labor unions. Our operations depend on the availability
 retention and relative costs of labor and maintaining satisfactory relations with employees and the labor unions. Further
 employee shortages can and do occur
 particularly in rural areas where some of our operations are located. Labor relations issues arise from time to time
 including issues in connection with union efforts to represent employees at our plants and with the negotiation of new collective bargaining agreements. If we fail to maintain satisfactory relations with our employees or with the labor unions
 we may experience labor strikes
 work stoppages or other labor disputes. Negotiation of collective bargaining agreements also could result in higher ongoing labor costs. In addition
 the discovery by us or governmental authorities of undocumented workers
 as has occurred in the past
 could result in our having to attempt to replace those workers
Immigration reform continues to attract significant attention in the public arena and the U.S. Congress. If new immigration legislation is enacted
 such laws may contain provisions that could increase our costs in recruiting
 training and retaining employees. Also
 although our hiring practices comply with the requirements of federal law in reviewing employees' citizenship or authority to work in the U.S.
 increased enforcement efforts with respect to existing immigration laws by governmental authorities may disrupt a portion of our workforce or our operations at one or more of our facilities
. We do not have long-term sales agreements (other than to certain third-party hog customers) or other contractual assurances as to future sales to these major customers. In addition
 continued consolidation within the retail industry
 including among supermarkets
 warehouse clubs and food distributors
 has resulted in an increasingly concentrated retail base and increased our credit exposure to certain customers. Our business could be materially adversely affected and suffer significant set backs in sales and operating income from the loss of some of our larger customers or if our larger customers' plans
 markets
Goodwill is recorded at fair value and is not amortized
 but is reviewed for impairment at least annually or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. In evaluating the potential for impairment of goodwill
 we make assumptions regarding future operating performance
 business trends
 and market and economic conditions. Such analyses further require us to make judgmental assumptions about sales
 operating margins
 growth rates
 and discount rates. There are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and to management's judgment in applying these factors to the assessment of goodwill recoverability. Goodwill reviews are prepared using estimates of the fair value of reporting units based on market multiples of EBITDA (earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization) and/or on the estimated present value of future discounted cash flows. We could be required to evaluate the recoverability of goodwill prior to the annual assessment if we experience disruptions to the business
 unexpected significant declines in operating results
 divestiture of a significant component of our business or market capitalization declines. For example
 at the end of the third quarter of fiscal 2009
 we performed an interim test of the carrying amount of goodwill related to our U.S. hog production operations. We undertook this test due to the significant losses incurred in our hog production operations and decline in the market price of our common stock at that time. We determined that the fair value of our U.S. hog production reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by more than 20%. Therefore goodwill was not impaired. However
Impairment charges could substantially affect our reported earnings in the periods of such charges. In addition
April&#160;28
 2013
&#32;of goodwill
Our business may be adversely affected by changes in national or global economic conditions
 including inflation
 interest rates
 availability of and access to capital markets
 consumer spending rates
 energy availability and costs (including fuel surcharges) and the effects of governmental initiatives to manage economic conditions. Any such changes could adversely affect the demand for our products or the cost and availability of our needed raw materials
 cooking ingredients and packaging materials
Disruptions and instability in credit and other financial markets and deterioration of national and global economic conditions
 could
impair the financial condition of some of our customers
 suppliers or counterparties to our derivative instruments
 thereby increasing customer bad debts
negatively impact global demand for protein products
 which could result in a reduction of sales
decrease the value of our investments in equity and debt securities
 including our company-owned life insurance and pension plan assets
The following table lists our material plants and other physical properties. Based on a five day week
565
&#32;head
&#32;pounds
April&#160;28
 2013
 the average weekly capacity utilization for pork slaughter and packaged meats was 
Bladen&#160;County
Smithfield
Kinston
Production of boneless cooked hams
Clinton
Wilson
Sioux Falls
Springdale
Curly&#8217;s&#160;Foods
Sioux City
St. Charles
Omaha
Peru
Junction City
Mason City
St. James
Crete
Monmouth
Denison
Milan
Wichita
Lincoln
Grayson
Martin City
Cudahy
Production of bacon
Szczecin
Starachowice
Elk
Morliny
Ilawa
Suwalki
Opole
Debica
Timisoara
Deboning
Smithfield
The Hog Production segment owns and leases numerous hog production and grain storage facilities
 as well as feedmills
 mainly in North Carolina
 Utah
 Missouri
 Iowa
 Colorado and Virginia
 with additional facilities in Oklahoma
 Texas
 Illinois
Also
 the International segment owns and leases numerous hog production and grain storage facilities
 as well as feedmills
We and certain of our subsidiaries are parties to the environmental litigation matters discussed in &#8220;Item&#160;1. Business&#8212;Regulation&#8221; above. Apart from those matters and the matters listed below
 we and our affiliates are parties to various lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management
In November 2012
 the Iowa Department of Natural Resources (IDNR) initiated a civil enforcement action against Farmland Foods
 Inc. (Farmland) for exceeding certain effluent limitations contained in its wastewater pretreatment agreement in connection with operations at Farmland's Denison facility. IDNR and Farmland have initiated discussions as a first step towards resolving this matter by agreement
 and Farmland has been working on improvements to its Denison wastewater facility. While we could face monetary penalties
 depending upon the results of the action
The following table shows the name and age
 position and business experience during the past five years of each of our executive officers. The board of directors elects executive officers to hold office until the next annual meeting of the board of directors
Mr. Pope was elected President and Chief Executive Officer in June 2006
 effective September 1
Robert W. Manly
Mr. Manly assumed the role of President of Murphy-Brown in July 2012. Mr. Manly was elected Executive Vice President in August 2006 and was named to the additional position of Chief Financial Officer
 effective July&#160;1
 2008. He also served as Interim Chief Financial Officer from January 2007 to June 2007. Prior to August 2006
Joseph W. Luter
Mr. Luter was elected Executive Vice President in April 2008 concentrating on sales and marketing. He served as President of Smithfield Packing from November 2004 to April 2008. Mr. Luter is the son of Joseph W. Luter
 III
Mr. Thamodaran was elected Executive Vice President and Chief Commodity Hedging Officer in July 2011. He was named Senior Vice President and Chief Commodity Hedging Officer in June 2008. Prior to these appointments
 Mr. Thamodaran served as Vice President
Executive Vice President
 Corporate Affairs
Mr. Treacy was elected Executive Vice President
 Corporate Affairs
 and Chief Sustainability Officer in October 2011. He was named Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs and Chief Sustainability Officer in February 2010. Prior to these appointments
 Mr. Treacy served as Vice President
President and Chief Operating Officer
Mr. Richter was elected President and Chief Operating Officer
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#8217;S COMMON EQUITY
June&#160;11
We have never paid a cash dividend on our common stock. In addition
 the terms of certain of our debt agreements limit the payment of any cash dividends on our common stock. We would only pay cash dividends from assets legally available for that purpose
 and payment of cash dividends would depend on our financial condition
 results of operations
 current and anticipated capital requirements
January 28
 2013 to February 27
24
490
February 28
 2013 to March 27
12
24
490
March 28
 2013 to April 28
24
490
12
24
490
On June 16
 2011
 we announced that our board of directors had approved a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to buy up to $150
000
000 of its common stock. In September 2011
 our board of directors approved a $100
000
000 increase to the authorized amount. In June 2012 and July 2012
 our board of directors approved an increase in the authorized amount of $250
000
000 and $100
000
000
 respectively.  This share repurchase program expires on June 13
Purchases of 12
322 shares were made in open market transactions by Wells Fargo
 as trustee
 and these 12
322 shares are held in a rabbi trust&#160;for the benefit of participants in&#160;the Smithfield Foods
 Inc. 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan director fee deferral program. The 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan was approved by our shareholders on August&#160;27
(in millions
13
13
12
11
12
11
11
10
10
11
1
1
1
Selling
1
Income from discontinued operations
1
2
2
2
1
7
7
7
7
7
1
1
1
2
2
3
3
3
2
2
3
3
3
3
3
4
4
4
4
4
702.0
&#32;gain on the sale of Smithfield Beef
 Inc.
Our fiscal year consists of 52 or 53 weeks and ends on the Sunday nearest April&#160;30. All fiscal years presented in this discussion consisted of 52 weeks. Unless otherwise stated
We are the largest hog producer and pork processor in the world. In the United States
 we are also the leader in numerous packaged meats categories with popular brands including Farmland&#174;
 Smithfield&#174;
 Eckrich&#174;
 Armour&#174; and John Morrell&#174;. We are committed to providing good food in a responsible way and maintaining robust animal care
 community involvement
 employee safety
 environmental
maintain and expand market share
 particularly in packaged meats
develop and maintain strong customer relationships
continually innovate and differentiate our products
manage risk in volatile commodities markets
maintain our position as a low cost producer of live hogs
We conduct our operations through four reportable segments: Pork
 Hog Production
 International and Corporate
 each&#160;of which is comprised of a number of subsidiaries
 joint ventures and other investments. A fifth reportable segment
 the Other segment
 contains the results of our former turkey production operations and our previous 49% interest in Butterball
 LLC (Butterball)
 which were sold in December 2010 (fiscal 2011). The Pork segment consists mainly of our three wholly-owned U.S. fresh pork and packaged meats subsidiaries: The Smithfield Packing Company
 Inc. (Smithfield Packing)
 Farmland Foods
 Inc. and John Morrell Food Group (John Morrell). The Hog Production segment consists of our hog production operations located in the U.S. The International segment is comprised mainly of our meat processing and distribution operations in Poland
 Romania and the United Kingdom
 our interests in meat processing operations
 mainly in Western Europe and Mexico
 our hog production operations located in Poland and Romania and our interests in hog production operations in Mexico. The Corporate segment provides management and administrative services to support our other segments.
&#32;per diluted share
 in 
 compared to net income of 
&#32;per diluted share
. The prior year included certain charges recognized by  CFG
&#32;of professional fees related to the potential acquisition of a controlling interest in CFG. In June 2011
As discussed in Part I&#8212;Item 1. Business&#8212;Merger Agreement, on May 28
 2013 (fiscal 2014)
 we entered into the Merger Agreement with Shuanghui International Holdings Limited (Shuanghui). Shuanghui is the majority shareholder of Henan Shuanghui Investment &amp; Development Co.
Under the terms of the Merger Agreement
 which has been unanimously approved by the boards of directors of both companies
 Shuanghui will acquire all of the outstanding shares of Smithfield for $34.00 per share in cash. Upon completion of the Merger
 all then-outstanding stock-based compensation awards
 whether vested or unvested
 will be converted into the right to receive cash of $34.00 per share (without interest)
 less the exercise price of such awards
The Merger will provide us with the opportunity to expand our offering of products to China through Shuanghui's distribution network.&#160; Shuanghui will gain access to high-quality
 competitively-priced and safe U.S. products
 as well as our best practices and operational expertise. We do not anticipate any changes in how we do business operationally in the U.S. and throughout the world.  The Merger would provide our shareholders with significant and immediate cash value for their investment
 and would ensure that we continue to execute on our strategic priorities while maintaining our brand excellence
 community involvement
The Merger will be financed through a combination of cash provided by Shuanghui
 rollover of certain existing Company debt
 as well as debt financing which has been committed by Morgan Stanley Senior Funding
The closing of the Merger is subject to certain conditions
 including
 among others
 approval by our shareholders
 the receipt of approval under applicable U.S. and specified foreign antitrust and anti-competition laws
 and if review by CFIUS has concluded
In August 2012 (fiscal 2013)
 we issued $1.0&#160;billion aggregate principal amount of ten year
 6.625% senior unsecured notes  (2022 Notes) at a price equal to 99.5% of their face value. We used the net proceeds to repurchase $694.4 million of outstanding senior notes coming due in May 2013 and July 2014. As a result of these repurchases
 we recognized losses on debt extinguishment of $120.7 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2013. We also extended the maturity date of our $200.0 million Rabobank Term Loan from June 2016 (fiscal 2017) to May 2018 (fiscal 2019). These activities have significantly improved our debt maturity profile
 removed the early maturity trigger on our inventory-based revolving credit facility (the Inventory Revolver)
In June 2012 (fiscal 2013)
 we announced that our board of directors had approved a new share repurchase program authorizing us to buy up to $250.0 million of our common stock over the subsequent 24 months in addition to the $250.0 million authorized during fiscal 2012 (the Share Repurchase Program). In July 2012 (fiscal 2013)
 our board of directors approved an increase of $100.0 million to the authorized amount under the Share Repurchase Program. Share repurchases may be made on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The number of shares repurchased
 and the timing of any buybacks
 will depend on our corporate cash balances
 business and economic conditions
 and other factors
April&#160;28
 2013
28
244
783
 including related commissions
April&#160;28
 2013
We are focused on top and bottom line growth and transforming the Company into a more value-added consumer packaged meats company. Our strategy includes growing our base business
Continued higher investment in marketing and advertising programs to build brand equity and grow sales. Our plan is to increase our annual marketing and advertising expenditures by double digits for the foreseeable future. Currently
Establish a culture of innovation to build a strong product pipeline to drive packaged meats volume and margins. Our innovation initiative will be focused in five strategic areas: packaging
 health and wellness
 convenience
 taste and pork consumer solutions. These platforms have a strong focus on product differentiation highlighting quality and convenience
 better-for-you foods
 including lower sodium
 lean protein
 and natural ingredients
Emphasize our hog production assets as a strategic point of difference. We believe that our vertically integrated platform is a competitive advantage for the Company as it allows us to meet customer specifications. Both domestic and export customers are asking for differentiated products
 from gestation pen pork to ractopamine-free meat
April&#160;28
 2013
 our facilities in Clinton
 North Carolina and Bladen County
 North Carolina were 100% ractopamine-free. Our facility in Milan
In addition to our organic growth strategy
For example
 in May 2013 (fiscal 2014)
&#32;interest in Kansas City Sausage Company
 LLC (KCS)
&#32;in cash
 subject to a customary post-closing adjustment for differences between working capital at closing and an agreed-upon target. KCS is a leading U.S. sausage producer and sow processor. We intend to merge KCS's low-cost
The venture operates in Des Moines
 Iowa and Kansas City
 Missouri. In Des Moines
 the venture produces premium raw materials for sausage
 as well as value-added products
 including boneless hams and hides. The Kansas City plant is a modern sausage processing facility and is designed for optimum efficiency to provide retail and foodservice customers with high quality products. With our strong ongoing focus on building our packaged meats business
&#32;of the U.S. sow population
The commodity markets affecting our business fluctuate on a daily basis. In this operating environment
Looking ahead to fiscal 2014
 we will continue to execute our strategic growth plan to improve earnings and migrate the Company more towards a value-added consumer packaged meats company. We believe this plan will produce broad-based gains in volume
 market share and distribution across our core brands and key product categories. The combination of those gains
 an improving product mix toward differentiated
 branded and value-added products
 as well as loosening export market restrictions in our fresh pork business and higher contributions from our international meat processing business
Near-term
 fresh pork margins continue to be weak
 but we expect operating profit on a per head basis to average in the mid-single digits in fiscal 2014. We expect our packaged meats business to continue to post strong results in fiscal 2014 with operating margins averaging in the low to middle part of our newly established normalized range of $.15 to $.20 per pound. Lower raising costs and improved efficiencies and productivity in our Hog Production segment should result in improved operating margins in the mid-single digits on a per head basis for fiscal 2014. In our International segment
During fiscal 2011
 we reached a settlement with one of our insurance carriers regarding the reimbursement of certain past and future defense costs associated with the Missouri Litigation. Related to this matter
&#32;in selling
During fiscal 2012
&#32;in net charges associated with the expected settlement. The charges were recognized in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the Hog Production segment. During fiscal 2013
In December 2011 (fiscal 2012)
&#32;included the disposal of certain assets
 employee redundancy costs and the contribution of CFG's French cooked ham business into a newly formed joint venture. As a result
In July 2009 (fiscal 2010)
 a fire occurred at the primary manufacturing facility of our subsidiary
 Patrick Cudahy
 Inc. (Patrick Cudahy)
 in Cudahy
 Wisconsin. The fire damaged a portion of the facility&#8217;s production space and required the temporary cessation of operations
 but did not consume the entire facility. Shortly after the fire
 we resumed production activities in undamaged portions of the plant
 including the distribution center
We maintain comprehensive general liability and property insurance
 including business interruption insurance. In December 2010 (fiscal 2011)
 we reached an agreement with our insurance carriers to settle the claim for a total of 
&#32;had been advanced to us in fiscal 2010. We allocated these proceeds to first recover the book value of the property lost
In fiscal 2010
 we&#160;announced the Cost Savings Initiative. The plan included a number of undertakings designed to improve operating efficiencies and productivity. These consisted of farm reconfigurations and conversions
 termination of certain high cost
 third party hog grower contracts and breeding stock sourcing contracts
&#32;in fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011
Portsmouth
In November 2011 (fiscal 2012)
 we announced that we would shift the production of hot dogs and lunchmeat from Smithfield Packing's Portsmouth
 Virginia plant to our Kinston
 North Carolina plant and permanently close the Portsmouth facility. The Kinston facility will be expanded to handle the additional production and will incorporate state of the art technology and equipment
&#32;in capital expenditures
As a result of this decision
 we performed an impairment analysis of the related assets at the Portsmouth facility in the second quarter of fiscal 2012 and determined that the net cash flows expected to be generated over the anticipated remaining useful life of the plant were sufficient to recover its book value. As such
 no impairment existed. However
 we revised depreciation estimates to reflect the use of the related assets at the Portsmouth facility over their shortened useful lives. As a result
&#32;in cost of sales during fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 respectively. Also
 in connection with this decision
&#32;for employee severance in selling
In January 2011 (fiscal 2011)
 we sold a portion of our Dalhart
&#32;in selling
 general and administrative expenses in our Hog Production segment in the third quarter of fiscal 2011. In April 2011 (fiscal 2011)
 we completed the sale of the remaining assets of our Dalhart
. As a result of the sale
 we recognized a gain of 
&#32;in goodwill to the asset group
 in selling
In January 2011 (fiscal 2011)
 we completed the sale of certain hog production assets located in Oklahoma and Iowa. As a result of these sales
 we received total net proceeds of 
&#32;of goodwill to these asset groups. The gains were recorded in selling
In the first half of fiscal 2011
 we began reducing the hog population on certain hog farms in Missouri in order to comply with an amended consent decree. The amended consent decree allows us to return the farms to full capacity upon the installation of an approved next generation technology that would reduce the level of odor produced by the farms. The reduced hog raising capacity at these farms was replaced with third party contract farmers in Iowa. In the first quarter of fiscal 2011
 in connection with the anticipated reduction in finishing capacity
 we performed an impairment analysis of these hog farms and determined that the book value of the assets was recoverable and thus
Based on the favorable hog raising performance experienced with these third party contract farmers and the amount of capital required to install next generation technology at our Missouri farms
 we made the decision in the first quarter of fiscal 2012 to permanently idle certain of the assets on these farms. Depreciation estimates were revised to reflect the shortened useful lives of the assets. As a result
Butterball
In June 2010 (fiscal 2011)
 we announced that we had made an offer to purchase our joint venture partner&#8217;s 51% ownership interest in Butterball and our partner&#8217;s related turkey production assets. In accordance with Butterball&#8217;s operating agreement
In September 2010 (fiscal 2011)
 we were notified of our joint venture partner&#8217;s decision to purchase our 49% interest in Butterball and our related turkey production assets. In December 2010 (fiscal 2011)
 we completed the sale of these assets for 
. As used in the tables
13
13
13
12
11
11
11
10
1
1
1
1
The increase in consolidated sales was primarily driven by higher sales prices and volumes in the Pork segment. These increases were attributable to higher market prices for fresh pork
 supported by export demand
&#32;per hundredweight
&#32;in fiscal 2012.  Also
&#32;of accelerated depreciation and other charges related to the idling of certain of our Missouri hog farm assets and the planned closure of our Portsmouth
 Virginia meat processing plant
Selling
Selling
&#32;in professional fees related to the potential acquisition of a controlling interest in CFG. In June 2011 (fiscal 2012)
&#32;on the sale of hog farms in Texas
&#32;in professional fees related to the potential acquisition of a controlling interest in CFG. In June 2011 (fiscal 2012)
Results from our Mexican joint ventures declined due to higher feed costs
Interest expense decreased in fiscal 2012 as a result of our Project 100 initiative
 under which we redeemed more than $1 billion of debt since the first quarter of fiscal 2011
 including $600 million of our 7% senior unsecured notes due August 2011
&#32;of our 7% senior unsecured notes due August 2011
Tax credits increased due in part to the passage of the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 that retroactively reinstated the Research and Development
&#32;in deferred tax asset valuation allowances in the current year
The mix of earnings from foreign operations
 which are taxed at lower rates
4
5
5
4
6
6
6
5
11
11
11
10
In addition to information provided in the table above
&#32;per pound
Sales and operating profit were positively impacted by higher average unit selling prices for both fresh pork and packaged meats driven by strong export demand
 an improved mix in packaged meats to more core brand product sales
&#32;per pound as a result of strong pricing discipline
 an improved product mix to more high margin core brands and lower variable compensation and pension related expenses
3
3
3
2
In addition to the information provided in the table above
Sales increased due to higher volumes
Fiscal 2013 operating profit was negatively impacted by higher hog supplies
 resulting in a 6% decrease in live hog prices
 and increased raising costs
&#32;in fiscal 2012 on derivative contracts that are not reflected in the average live hog prices and raising costs presented in the table above; these are primarily lean hog derivative contracts
&#32;on the sale of hog farms in Oklahoma
&#32;in fiscal 2011 on derivative contracts that are not reflected in the average live hog prices and raising costs presented in the table above; these are primarily lean hog derivative contracts
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
In addition to the information provided in the table above
 the following items explain the significant changes in International segment sales and operating profit:&#160;
&#32;increase in the number of hogs processed. Unit sales prices in our Polish operations increased in several key product categories; however
Sales and operating profit in our Romanian operations improved on significantly higher average unit selling prices and sales volumes
Sales and operating profit in Poland were positively impacted by higher average unit selling prices primarily due to a shift in product mix to more packaged meats and our ability to pass along higher raw material costs
Sales and operating profit in our Romania fresh pork operation were positively impacted by our approval to export pork products out of Romania to European Union member countries beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012. As a result
Our Romanian fresh pork and hog production operations both saw improvements in operating results. However
 these improvements were more than offset by increased losses in our distribution operations and an unfavorable 
The change in sales and operating loss reflects the sale of our turkey operations
 including our investment in Butterball
&#32;of professional fees related to the potential acquisition of a controlling interest in CFG. In June 2011
&#32;on the final settlement with our insurance carriers of our claim related to the fire that occurred at our Cudahy
&#32;of professional fees related to the potential acquisition of a controlling interest in CFG. In June 2011
Our cash requirements consist primarily of the purchase of raw materials used in our hog production and pork processing operations
 long-term debt obligations and related interest
 lease payments for real estate
 machinery
 vehicles and other equipment
 and expenditures for capital assets
 other investments and other general business purposes.&#160;Our primary sources of liquidity are cash we receive as payment for the products we produce and sell
April&#160;28
 2013
 our liquidity position was 
In August 2012 (fiscal 2013)
&#32;aggregate principal amount of ten year
&#32;of our 2013 Notes. As a result of these repurchases
&#32;in the second quarter of fiscal 2013
 including the write-off of related unamortized discounts
 premiums
&#32;Rabobank Term Loan from June 2016 (fiscal 2017) to May 2018 (fiscal 2019). These activities significantly improved our debt maturity profile
 removed the early maturity trigger on the Inventory Revolver
In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013
. All other terms and conditions of the Inventory Revolver remain unchanged
 including the limitation on the actual amount of credit that is available from time to time under the Inventory Revolver as a result of borrowing base valuations of our inventory
&#32;term loan with a scheduled maturity date of February 4
 2014 (the Bank of America Term Loan). The Bank of America Term Loan bears interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 3.25% per annum or
 at our election
 a base rate plus 2.25% per annum. These two financing activities increased our liquidity and provided capital funding at a lower interest rate
We have available a variety of sources of liquidity and capital resources
 both internal and external. These sources provide funds required for current operations
 acquisitions
 integration costs
The meat processing industry is characterized by high sales volume and rapid turnover of inventories and accounts receivable. Because of the rapid turnover rate
 we consider our meat inventories and accounts receivable highly liquid and readily convertible into cash. The Hog Production segment also has rapid turnover of accounts receivable. Although inventory turnover in the Hog Production segment is slower
 mature hogs are readily convertible into cash. Borrowings under our credit facilities are used
 in part
April&#160;28
1
1
1
1
Business acquisition
Proceeds from sale of property
&#32;related to our Kinston
 North Carolina plant expansion project. The remaining capital expenditures primarily related to plant and hog farm improvement projects
 including the replacement of gestation stalls with group pens
 which is more fully explained under Additional Matters Affecting Liquidity below. 
 net of cash acquired
&#32;interest in American Skin Food Group
&#32;related to our Kinston
Capital expenditures primarily related to plant and hog farm improvement projects
Dispositions included proceeds from the sale of our investment in Butterball
 LLC and our related turkey production assets and proceeds from the sale of hog operations in Texas
The insurance proceeds represent the gain on involuntary conversion of property
Proceeds from the sale of property
1
In August 2012
19
068
&#32;in transaction fees in connection with the issuance of the 2022 Notes
9
176
&#32;of our 7% senior unsecured notes due August 2011 through open market purchases as well as a tender offer. Also
&#32;of our 2013 Notes and our 2014 Notes
 respectively
 as a result of a tender offer that expired on February 9
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
6.625% senior unsecured notes
 due August 2022
10% senior secured notes
 due July 2014
10% senior secured notes
 due July 2014
7.75% senior unsecured notes
4% senior unsecured Convertible Notes
 due June 2013
7.75% senior unsecured notes
Floating rate senior unsecured term loan
Floating rate senior unsecured term loan
Various
 interest rates from 0.0% to 7.22%
2
1
1
1
3
3
April&#160;28
 2013
 the applicable interest rates would have been 
As part of our business
 we are party to various financial guarantees and other commitments as described below. These arrangements involve elements of performance and credit risk that are not included in the consolidated balance sheet. We could become liable in connection with these obligations depending on the performance of the guaranteed party or the occurrence of future events that we are unable to predict. If we consider it probable that we will become responsible for an obligation
April&#160;28
 2013
&#32;of leases that were transferred to JBS S.A.&#160;in connection with the sale of Smithfield Beef
In January 2007 (fiscal 2007)
 we announced a voluntary
 ten-year program to phase out individual gestation stalls at our company-owned sow farms and replace the gestation stalls with group pens. We currently estimate the total cost of our transition to group pens to be approximately $360.0 million
 including associated maintenance and repairs. This program represents a significant financial commitment and reflects our desire to be more animal friendly
 as well as to address the concerns and needs of our customers. As of the end of calendar year 2012
The Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights for the Company and Shuanghui.  Upon termination of the Merger Agreement under specified customary circumstances
 the Company will be required to pay Shuanghui a termination fee. If the Merger Agreement is terminated in connection with the Company entering into an alternative acquisition agreement in respect of a superior proposal or making a change of recommendation
 or in certain other customary circumstances
 the termination fee payable by the Company to Shuanghui will be $175 million. Under specified circumstances
 if the Company enters into a definitive agreement with a Qualified Pre-Existing Bidder with respect to an alternative acquisition proposal on or before June 27
 2013
 the amount of the termination fee will instead be reduced to $75 million. The Merger Agreement also provides that Shuanghui will be required to pay the Company a reverse termination fee of $275 million (which is not exclusive in the case of a willful breach by Shuanghui) if the Merger Agreement is terminated under certain circumstances in connection with a willful breach by Shuanghui
 termination primarily caused by the failure to obtain required U.S. or foreign antitrust or other regulatory approvals (other than CFIUS)
In June 2012 (fiscal 2013)
 we announced that our board of directors had approved a new share repurchase program authorizing us to buy up to $250.0 million of our common stock over the next 24 months in addition to the $250.0 million authorized during fiscal 2012 (Share Repurchase Program). In July 2012 (fiscal 2013)
 our board of directors approved an increase of $100.0 million to the authorized amount under the Share Repurchase Program. Share repurchases may be made on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The number of shares repurchased
 and the timing of any buybacks
 depend on corporate cash balances
 business and economic conditions
 and other factors
April&#160;28
 2013
28
244
783
 including related commissions
April&#160;28
 2013
We are exposed to market risks primarily from changes in commodity prices
 and to a lesser degree
 interest rates and foreign exchange rates. To mitigate these risks
 we utilize derivative instruments to hedge our exposure to changing prices and rates
 as more fully described under &#8220;Derivative Financial Instruments&#8221; below. Our liquidity position may be positively or negatively affected by changes in the underlying value of our derivative portfolio. When the value of our open derivative contracts decrease
 we may be required to post margin deposits with our brokers to cover a portion of the decrease. Conversely
 when the value of our open derivative contracts increase
 our brokers may be required to deliver margin deposits to us for a portion of the increase. During 
April&#160;28
 2013
The effects
 positive or negative
 on liquidity resulting from our risk management activities tend to be mitigated by offsetting changes in cash prices in our core business. For example
 in a period of rising grain prices
 gains resulting from long grain derivative positions would generally be offset by higher cash prices paid to farmers and other suppliers in spot markets. These offsetting changes do not always occur
 however
 in the same amounts or in the same period
Funding requirements for our pension plans are determined based on the funded status measured at the end of each year. The values of our pension obligation and related assets may fluctuate significantly
During the second quarter of fiscal 2013
 the parties to certain nuisance litigation in Missouri reached an agreement and consummated a global settlement that resolved substantially all of the litigation. The global settlement was not materially different than the accrual we maintained for the settled litigation and
 therefore
April&#160;28
2
1
Capital lease obligations
6
1
2
1
1
11
3
2
2
2
Through the Pork and International segments
 we have purchase agreements with certain hog producers. Some of these arrangements obligate us to purchase all of the hogs produced by these producers. Other arrangements obligate us to purchase a fixed amount of hogs. Due to the uncertainty of the number of hogs that we are obligated to purchase and the uncertainty of market prices at the time of hog purchases
 we have estimated our obligations under these arrangements. Future payments were estimated using current live hog market prices
Through the Hog Production segment
 we use independent farmers and their facilities to raise hogs produced from our breeding stock. Under multi-year contracts
 the farmers provide the initial facility investment
. Also includes unpriced forward grain purchase contracts which
April&#160;28
&#32;market prices
. These forward grain contracts are accounted for as normal purchases. As a result
&#32;year contractual term commencing in March 2014 (fiscal 2014). In December 2012 (fiscal 2013)
 John Morrell signed an agreement with Nathan's to become Nathan's exclusive licensee to manufacture and sell branded hot dog
 sausage and corn beef products in the retail market. Under the terms of the agreement
We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have a material current effect
 or that are reasonably likely to have a material future effect
 on our financial condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
We are exposed to market risks primarily from changes in commodity prices
 as well as interest rates and foreign exchange rates. To mitigate these risks
Derivative instruments are recorded in the balance sheet as either assets or liabilities at fair value. For derivatives that qualify and have been designated as cash flow or fair value hedges for accounting purposes
 changes in fair value have no net impact on earnings
 to the extent the derivative is considered perfectly effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows attributable to the risk being hedged
 until the hedged item is recognized in earnings (commonly referred to as the &#8220;hedge accounting&#8221; method). For derivatives that do not qualify or are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes
 changes in fair value are recorded in current period earnings (commonly referred to as the &#8220;mark-to-market&#8221; method). Under this guidance
 we may elect either method of accounting for our derivative portfolio
 assuming all the necessary requirements are met. We have in the past availed ourselves of either acceptable method and expect to do so in the future. We believe all of our derivative instruments represent economic hedges against changes in prices and rates
When available
 we use quoted market prices to determine the fair value of our derivative instruments.&#160;This may include exchange prices
 quotes obtained from brokers
 or independent valuations from external sources
 such as banks. In some cases where market prices are not available
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
The following table presents the sensitivity of the fair value of our open derivative contracts to a hypothetical 10% change in market prices or foreign exchange rates
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
Our meat processing and hog production operations use various raw materials
 mainly corn
 lean hogs
 live cattle
 pork bellies
 soybeans and wheat
 which are actively traded on commodity exchanges. We hedge these commodities when we determine conditions are appropriate to mitigate the inherent price risks. While this hedging may limit our ability to participate in gains from favorable commodity fluctuations
 it also tends to reduce the risk of loss from adverse changes in raw material prices. Commodities underlying our derivative instruments are subject to significant price fluctuations. Any requirement to mark-to-market the positions that have not been designated or do not qualify for hedge accounting could result in volatility in our results of operations. We attempt to closely match the hedging instrument terms with the hedged item&#8217;s terms. Gains and losses resulting from our commodity derivative contracts are recorded in cost of sales except for lean hog contracts that are designated in cash flow hedging relationships
 which are recorded in sales
 and are offset by increases and decreases in cash prices in our core business (with such increases and decreases reflected in the same income statement line items). For example
 in a period of rising grain prices
 gains resulting from long grain derivative positions would generally be offset by higher cash prices paid to farmers and other suppliers in spot markets. However
 under the &#8220;mark-to-market&#8221; method described above
 these offsetting changes do not always occur in the same period
We are subject to lawsuits
 investigations and other claims related to the operation of our farms
 labor
 livestock procurement
 securities
 environmental
 product
 taxing authorities and other matters
 and are required to assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters
A determination of the amount of reserves and disclosures required
 if any
Our contingent liabilities contain uncertainties because the eventual outcome will result from future events
 and determination of current reserves requires estimates and judgments related to future changes in facts and circumstances
 differing interpretations of the law and assessments of the amount of damages or fees
We incur advertising
 customer incentive and consumer incentive costs to promote products through marketing programs. These programs include cooperative advertising
 volume discounts
 in-store display incentives
Advertising costs are charged in the period incurred except for certain production costs
 which are expensed upon the first airing of the advertisement. We accrue customer and consumer incentive costs based on the estimated performance
Except for certain amounts related to cooperative advertising arrangements
 cash consideration given to customers is considered a reduction in the price of our products
 thus recorded as a reduction to sales. The remainder of marketing and advertising costs is recorded as a selling
Recognition of the costs related to these programs contains uncertainties due to judgment required in estimating the potential performance and redemption of each program.These estimates are based on many factors
We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to calculate our marketing accruals. However
 if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions
Each quarter
 we review the carrying value of our investments and consider whether indicators of impairment exist. Examples of impairment indicators include a history or expectation of future operating losses and declines in a quoted share price
 among other factors. If an impairment indicator exists
 we must evaluate the fair value of our investment to determine if a loss in value
 which is other than temporary
 has occurred. If we consider any such decline to be other than temporary (based on various factors
 including historical financial results
 product development activities and the overall health of the affiliate&#8217;s industry)
In assessing the fair value of an investment
 we consider a variety of information
 including
 when available
 independent third party valuation reports
 which incorporate generally accepted valuation techniques
 and quoted market prices for our investment adjusted for any influence premium that should be applied to the market price based on our ability to exert significant influence over the operational and strategic decisions of the company. We also consider the history of our investment's cash flows
As of April 28
 2013
 the carrying value of our investment in CFG exceeded the quoted market price on the Bolsa de Madrid Exchange (Madrid Exchange)
 indicating a possible impairment of our investment. However
 CFG's share price is just one of several factors we consider in evaluating the fair value of our investment in CFG.&#160;Based on our evaluation
 we concluded the fair value of our investment in CFG as of April 28
 2013
 exceeded its carrying amount. However
 our estimate of fair value has declined over the last 24 months
 significantly eroding the gap between fair value and carrying value. The fair value decline is primarily attributable to persistent recessionary conditions in Western Europe
 which have dampened CFG's current operating performance. In addition
 rising interest rates associated with European sovereign debt crises have forced discount rates higher
 diminishing the values calculated using our discounted cash flow techniques. Finally
 CFG's share price on the Madrid Exchange has declined and
 notwithstanding our reservations about the Madrid Exchange price
While we do not believe our investment is impaired as of April 28
 2013
 the confluence of these and other factors has decreased our estimate of CFG's fair value and increased the risk of impairment. If the trends contributing to our lower estimate of CFG's fair value continue
 the investment would become impaired. Specifically
 if the most sensitive factors affecting our fair value calculations (i.e.
 estimates of future cash flows
 interest rates and share price) continue to deteriorate
 it is reasonably possible that our estimate of fair value could fall below carrying value. If that occurs
 and we determine that the decline is other than temporary
We are self insured for certain losses related to health and welfare
 workers&#8217; compensation
We use an independent third-party actuary to assist in the determination of certain of our self-insurance liabilities. We and the actuary consider a number of factors when estimating our self-insurance liability
 including claims experience
 demographic factors
Our self-insurance liabilities contain uncertainties due to assumptions required and judgment used. Costs to settle our obligations
 including legal and healthcare costs
 could increase or decrease causing estimates of our self-insurance liabilities to change. Incident rates
 including frequency and severity
We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to calculate our self-insurance liabilities. However
 if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions
 we may be exposed to gains or losses that could be material. A 10% increase in the estimates as of April 28
 2013
Long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Examples include a current expectation that a long-lived asset will be disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life
When evaluating long-lived assets for impairment
We recorded impairment charges related to long-lived assets of $4.2 million
 $2.9 and $9.2 million in fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
Our impairment analysis contains uncertainties due to judgment in assumptions and estimates surrounding undiscounted future cash flows of the long-lived asset
We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to calculate impairments of long- lived assets. However
 if actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used to calculate estimated future cash flows
Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment annually in the fourth quarter
 or sooner if impairment indicators arise. In the evaluation of goodwill for impairment
 we may perform a qualitative assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If it is not
 no further analysis is required. If it is
 a prescribed two-step goodwill impairment test is performed to identify potential goodwill impairment and measure the amount of goodwill impairment loss to be recognized for that reporting unit
The first step in the two-step impairment test is to identify if a potential impairment exists by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount
 including goodwill. If the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount
 goodwill of the reporting unit is not considered to have a potential impairment and the second step of the impairment test is not necessary. However
 if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 the second step is performed to determine if goodwill is impaired and to measure the amount of impairment loss to recognize
The second step compares the implied fair value of goodwill with the carrying amount of goodwill. If the implied fair value of goodwill exceeds the carrying amount
 goodwill is not considered impaired. However
 if the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value
The selection of multiples and cash flows is dependent upon assumptions regarding future levels of operating performance as well as business trends and prospects
 and industry
A discounted cash flow analysis requires us to make various judgmental assumptions about sales
 operating margins
 growth rates and discount rates. When estimating future discounted cash flows
 we consider the assumptions that hypothetical marketplace participants would use in estimating future cash flows. In addition
 where applicable
 an appropriate discount rate is used
As of April 28
 2013
As a result of the first step of our 2013 goodwill impairment analysis
 the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value. Therefore
The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination (i.e.
 the fair value of the reporting unit is allocated to all the assets and liabilities
 including any unrecognized intangible assets
For our other non-amortized intangible assets
 if the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value
We have elected to make the first day of the fourth quarter the annual impairment assessment date for goodwill and other intangible assets. However
 we could be required to evaluate the recoverability of goodwill and other intangible assets prior to the required annual assessment if we experience disruptions to the business
 unexpected significant declines in operating results
Federal income taxes include an estimate for taxes on earnings of foreign subsidiaries expected to be remitted to the United States and be taxable
We record unrecognized tax benefit liabilities for known or anticipated tax issues based on our analysis of whether
 and the extent to which
We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the tax related balances or valuation allowances. However
 due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties
To the extent we prevail in matters for which liabilities have been established
 or are required to pay amounts in excess of our recorded liabilities
We provide the majority of our U.S. employees with pension benefits. We account for our pension plans in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance
 which requires us to recognize the funded status of our pension plans in our consolidated balance sheets and to recognize
 as a component of other comprehensive income (loss)
 the gains or losses and prior service costs or credits that arise during the period
We generally contribute the minimum amount required under government regulations to our qualified pension plans. We funded $17.7 million
 $142.8 million and $95.1 million to our qualified pension plans during fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
The measurement of our pension obligation and costs is dependent on a variety of assumptions regarding future events. The key assumptions we use include discount rates
 salary growth
These assumptions may have an effect on the amount and timing of future contributions. The discount rate assumption is based on investment yields available at year-end on corporate bonds rated AA and above with a maturity to match our expected benefit payment stream. The salary growth assumption reflects our long-term actual experience
 the near-term outlook and assumed inflation. Retirement rates are based primarily on actual plan experience. Mortality rates are based on mandated mortality tables
 which have flexibility to consider industry specific groups
 such as blue collar or white collar. The expected return on plan assets reflects asset allocations
 investment strategy and historical returns of the asset categories. The effects of actual results differing from these assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future periods and
 therefore
If actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions
For example
 the discount rate used to measure our projected benefit obligation decreased from 4.75% as of April 29
 2012 to 4.45% as of April 28
 2013
An additional 0.50% decrease in the discount rate used to measure our projected benefit obligation would have further reduced the funded status by $136.8 million as of April 28
 2013
In addition to higher net pension cost
See Note 1 in &#8220;Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data&#8221; for information about recently issued accounting standards not yet adopted by us
This report contains &#8220;forward-looking&#8221; statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. The forward-looking statements include statements concerning our outlook for the future
 as well as other statements of beliefs
 future plans and strategies or anticipated events
 and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. Our forward-looking information and statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in
 or implied by
 the statements. These risks and uncertainties include the occurrence of any event
 change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the Merger Agreement
 the failure to receive
 on a timely basis or otherwise
 the required approvals by the Company's shareholders or government or regulatory agencies with regard to the merger
 the failure of one or more conditions to the closing of the Merger Agreement to be satisfied
 the failure of Shuanghui to obtain the necessary financing in connection with the Merger Agreement
 the amount of costs
 fees
 expenses and charges related to the Merger Agreement or the merger
 risks arising from the merger's diversion of management's attention from our ongoing business operations
 risks that our stock price may decline significantly if the merger is not completed
 the ability of the Company to retain and hire key personnel and maintain relationships with customers
 suppliers and other business partners pending the consummation of the proposed merger
 the availability and prices of live hogs
 feed ingredients (including corn)
 raw materials
 fuel and supplies
 food safety
 livestock disease
 live hog production costs
 product pricing
 the competitive environment and related market conditions
 risks associated with our indebtedness
 including cost increases due to rising interest rates or changes in debt ratings or outlook
 hedging risk
 adverse weather conditions
 operating efficiencies
 changes in foreign currency exchange rates
&#160;access to capital
 the cost of compliance with and changes to regulations and laws
 including changes in accounting&#160;standards
 tax laws
 environmental laws
 agricultural laws and occupational
 health and safety laws
 adverse results from litigation
 actions of domestic and foreign governments
&#160;labor relations issues
 credit exposure to large customers
 the ability to make effective acquisitions and successfully integrate newly acquired businesses into existing operations and other risks and uncertainties described under &#8220;Item&#160;1A.&#160;Risk Factors.&#8221; Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements because actual results may differ materially from those expressed in
 or implied by
 the statements. Any forward-looking statement that we make speaks only as of the date of such statement
 and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events or otherwise. Comparisons of results for current and any prior periods are not intended to express any future trends or indications of future performance
 unless expressed as such
All statements other than historical information required by this item are forward-looking statements. The actual impact of future market changes could differ materially because of
 among others
Consolidated Statements of Income for the Fiscal Years 2013
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Fiscal Years 2013
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of April 28
 2013 and April 29
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Fiscal Years 2013
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders&#8217; Equity for the Fiscal Years 2013
The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Smithfield Foods
We have audited Smithfield Foods
 Inc. and subsidiaries' internal control over financial reporting as of April 28
 2013
 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria). Smithfield Foods
 Inc. and subsidiaries' management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk
A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.&#160;Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
In our opinion
 Smithfield Foods
maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of April 28
 2013
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the consolidated balance sheets of Smithfield Foods
 Inc. and subsidiaries as of April 28
 2013 and April 29
 2012
 and the related consolidated statements of income
&#160;comprehensive income
 shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended April 28
 2013 of Smithfield Foods
 Inc. and subsidiaries and our report dated June 18
Richmond
June&#160;18
The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Smithfield Foods
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Smithfield Foods
 Inc. and subsidiaries as of April 28
 2013 and April 29
 2012
 and the related consolidated statements of income
&#160;comprehensive income
 shareholders' equity
 and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended April 28
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
In our opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of Smithfield Foods
 Inc. and subsidiaries at April 28
 2013 and April 29
 2012
 and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended April 28
 2013
 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also
 in our opinion
 the related financial statement schedule
 when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 Smithfield Foods
 Inc. and subsidiaries' internal control over financial reporting as of April 28
 2013
 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated June 18
Richmond
June&#160;18
SMITHFIELD FOODS
(in millions
13
13
12
11
11
10
1
1
1
Selling
1
SMITHFIELD FOODS
SMITHFIELD FOODS
(in millions
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
Accounts receivable
2
2
3
3
Property
 plant and equipment
2
2
Intangible assets
7
7
1
1
1
1
Preferred stock
 $1.00 par value
 1
000
Common stock
 $.50 par value
 500
000
000 authorized shares; 138
919
056 and&#160;157
408
1
1
2
2
3
3
3
3
7
7
SMITHFIELD FOODS
Changes in operating assets and liabilities and other
Business acquisition
Proceeds from sale of property
1
SMITHFIELD FOODS
Balance
 May 2
1
1
2
2
Other comprehensive income
Balance
 May 1
1
2
3
3
Other comprehensive loss
Balance
 April 29
1
2
3
3
Other comprehensive loss
Balance
 April 28
1
2
3
3
SMITHFIELD FOODS
Unless otherwise stated
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all wholly-owned subsidiaries
 as well as all majority-owned subsidiaries and other entities for which we have a controlling interest. Entities that are 50% owned or less are accounted for under the equity method when we have the ability to exercise significant influence. We use the cost method of accounting for investments in which our ability to exercise significant influence is limited. All intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated. Consolidating the results of operations and financial position of variable interest entities for which we are the primary beneficiary does not have a material effect on sales
 net income
 or net income per diluted share
Foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars using the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. Results of operations and cash flows in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars using the average exchange rate over the course of the fiscal year. The effect of exchange rate fluctuations on the translation of assets and liabilities is included as a component of shareholders&#8217; equity in accumulated other comprehensive loss and included in other comprehensive income for each period. Gains and losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses as incurred. We recorded net&#160;gains on foreign currency transactions of 
Our Polish operations have different fiscal period end dates. As such
The consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S.
Accounts receivable are recorded net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. We regularly evaluate the collectibility of our accounts receivable based on a variety of factors
 including the length of time the receivables are past due
 the financial health of the customer and historical experience. Based on our evaluation
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 2012
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
1
2
2
Livestock are generally valued at the lower of first-in
 first-out cost or market
 adjusted for changes in the fair value of livestock that are hedged. Costs include purchase costs
 feed
 medications
 contract grower fees and other production expenses. Fresh and packaged meats are valued based on USDA and other market prices and adjusted for the cost of further processing. Costs for fresh and packaged meats include meat
 labor
Property
 Plant and Equipment
Property
 plant and equipment is generally stated at historical cost
 which includes the then fair values of assets acquired in business combinations
 and depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Assets held under capital leases are classified in property
 plant and equipment
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 2012
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 2012
 respectively. Depreciation expense is included in either cost of sales or selling
 general and administrative expenses
 as appropriate. Depreciation expense totaled 
 
 
Interest is capitalized on property
 plant and equipment over the construction period. Total interest capitalized was 
 
 
Property
 plant and equipment
 net
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
1
1
1
1
4
4
(2
(1
Property
 plant and equipment
2
2
Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment annually in the fourth quarter
 or sooner if impairment indicators arise. In the evaluation of goodwill for impairment
 we may perform a qualitative assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If it is not
 no further analysis is required. If it is
 a prescribed two-step goodwill impairment test is performed to identify potential goodwill impairment and measure the amount of goodwill impairment loss to be recognized for that reporting unit
The first step in the two-step impairment test is to identify if a potential impairment exists by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount
 including goodwill. The fair value of a reporting unit is estimated by applying valuation multiples and/or estimating future discounted cash flows. The selection of multiples is dependent upon assumptions regarding future levels of operating performance as well as business trends and prospects
 and industry
 market and economic conditions. When estimating future discounted cash flows
 we consider the assumptions that hypothetical marketplace participants would use in estimating future cash flows. In addition
 where applicable
 an appropriate discount rate is used
 based on an industry-wide average cost of capital or location-specific economic factors. If the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount
 goodwill of the reporting unit is not considered to have a potential impairment and the second step of the impairment test is not necessary. However
 if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 the second step is performed to determine if goodwill is impaired and to measure the amount of impairment loss to recognize
The second step compares the implied fair value of goodwill with the carrying amount of goodwill. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination (i.e.
 the fair value of the reporting unit is allocated to all the assets and liabilities
 including any unrecognized intangible assets
 as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination and the fair value of the reporting unit was the purchase price paid to acquire the reporting unit). If the implied fair value of goodwill exceeds the carrying amount
 goodwill is not considered impaired. However
 if the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value
Based on the results of our annual goodwill impairment tests
 as of our testing date
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
Patents
Amortized intangible assets
Intangible assets
The fair values of trademarks are calculated using a royalty rate method. Assumptions about royalty rates are based on the rates at which similar brands and trademarks are licensed in the marketplace. If the carrying value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets exceeds their fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. Intangible assets with finite lives are reviewed for recoverability when indicators of impairment are present using estimated future undiscounted cash flows related to those assets. We have determined that no impairments of our intangible assets existed for any of the&#160;periods presented.
 
 
April&#160;28
 2013
Issuance Costs
Debt issuance costs
The determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment
 the use of estimates
We record unrecognized tax benefit liabilities for known or anticipated tax issues based on our analysis of whether
 and the extent to which
We recognize the funded status of our defined benefit pension plans in the consolidated balance sheets. We also recognize in other comprehensive income
We measure our pension and other postretirement benefit plan obligations and related plan assets as of the last day of our fiscal year. The measurement of our pension obligations and related costs is dependent on the use of assumptions and estimates. These assumptions include discount rates
 salary growth
We are self-insured for certain levels of general and vehicle liability
 property
 workers&#8217; compensation
We are subject to lawsuits
 investigations and other claims related to the operation of our farms
 labor
 livestock procurement
 securities
 environmental
 product
 taxing authorities and other matters
 and are required to assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters
A determination of the amount of accruals and disclosures required
 if any
Our contingent liabilities contain uncertainties because the eventual outcome will result from future events.  Our determination of accruals and any reasonably possible losses in excess of those accruals require estimates and judgments related to future changes in facts and circumstances
 interpretations of the law
 the amount of damages or fees
 and the effectiveness of strategies or other factors beyond our control.&#160;If actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions
We recognize revenues from product sales upon delivery to customers or when title passes. Revenue is recorded at the invoice price for each product net of estimated returns and sales incentives provided to customers. Sales incentives include various rebate and trade allowance programs with our customers
Advertising and promotional costs are expensed as incurred except for certain production costs
 which are expensed upon the first airing of the advertisement. Promotional sponsorship costs are expensed as the promotional events occur. Advertising costs totaled 
 
 
 respectively
 and are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses.
 
 
We present dual computations of net income per share. The basic computation is based on weighted average common shares outstanding during the period. The diluted computation reflects the potentially dilutive effect of common stock equivalents
 such as stock options and convertible notes
 during the period. We excluded stock based awards for approximately 
 
 
 respectively
American Skin Food Group
In September 2012 (fiscal 2013)
&#32;controlling interest in American Skin Food Group
&#32;in cash
Located in Burgaw
 North Carolina
 American Skin manufactures and supplies pork rinds to the snack food industry. By leveraging our coordinated sales and marketing team
 we believe American Skin can expand into new markets both domestically and internationally
The acquisition of American Skin was accounted for in the Pork segment using the acquisition method of accounting
 which requires
 among other things
 that assets acquired
 liabilities assumed and noncontrolling interests in the acquiree be recognized at their fair values as of the acquisition date. The following table summarizes the fair values of the assets acquired
Accounts receivable
Property
 plant and equipment
Intangible assets
Intangible assets acquired include customer relationship assets
 contractual rights and trademarks with fair values of 
 
 respectively. The customer relationship assets and contractual rights will be amortized over useful lives of 
The fair value of the noncontrolling interests was measured based on market multiples for similar public companies and consideration of the terms of the acquisition
 which provide the noncontrolling interest holders the right to exercise a put option
 which would obligate us to redeem their interests. The redemption amount is based on a fixed multiple of earnings
Portsmouth
In November 2011 (fiscal 2012)
 we announced that we would shift the production of hot dogs and lunchmeat from The Smithfield Packing Company
 Inc.'s (Smithfield Packing) Portsmouth
 Virginia plant to our Kinston
 North Carolina plant and permanently close the Portsmouth facility. The Kinston facility will be expanded to handle the additional production and will incorporate state of the art technology and equipment
&#32;in capital expenditures
As a result of this decision
 we performed an impairment analysis of the related assets at the Portsmouth facility in the second quarter of fiscal 2012 and determined that the net cash flows expected to be generated over the anticipated remaining useful life of the plant are sufficient to recover its book value. As such
 no impairment existed. However
 we revised depreciation estimates to reflect the use of the related assets at the Portsmouth facility over their shortened useful lives. As a result
&#32;in cost of sales during fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 respectively. Also
 in connection with this decision
&#32;for employee severance in selling
In January 2011 (fiscal 2011)
 we sold a portion of our Dalhart
&#32;in selling
 general and administrative expenses in our Hog Production segment in the third quarter of fiscal 2011. In April 2011 (fiscal 2011)
 we completed the sale of the remaining assets of our Dalhart
. As a result of the sale
 we recognized a gain of 
&#32;in goodwill to the asset group
 in selling
In January 2011 (fiscal 2011)
 we completed the sale of certain hog production assets located in Oklahoma and Iowa. As a result of these sales
 we received total net proceeds of 
&#32;of goodwill to these asset groups. Goodwill was allocated to this business based on its fair value relative to the estimated fair value of our domestic hog production reporting unit. The gains were recorded in selling
In the first half of fiscal 2011
 we began reducing the hog population on certain hog farms in Missouri in order to comply with an amended consent decree. The amended consent decree allows us to return the farms to full capacity upon the installation of an approved next generation technology that would reduce the level of odor produced by the farms. The reduced hog raising capacity at these farms was replaced with third party contract farmers in Iowa. In the first quarter of fiscal 2011
 in connection with the anticipated reduction in finishing capacity
 we performed an impairment analysis of these hog farms and determined that the book value of the assets was recoverable and thus
Based on the favorable hog raising performance experienced with these third party contract farmers and the amount of capital required to install next generation technology at our Missouri farms
 we made the decision in the first quarter of fiscal 2012 to permanently idle certain of the assets on these farms. Depreciation estimates were revised to reflect the shortened useful lives of the assets. As a result
Butterball
In June 2010 (fiscal 2011)
&#32;ownership interest in Butterball and our partner&#8217;s related turkey production assets. In accordance with Butterball&#8217;s operating agreement
&#32;interest and our related turkey production assets
In September 2010 (fiscal 2011)
&#32;interest in Butterball and our related turkey production assets. In December 2010 (fiscal 2011)
. The gain was calculated as the cash selling price
 net of costs to sell
Our meat processing and hog production operations use various raw materials
 primarily live hogs
 corn and soybean meal
 which are actively traded on commodity exchanges. We hedge these commodities when we determine conditions are appropriate to mitigate price risk. While this hedging may limit our ability to participate in gains from favorable commodity fluctuations
We record all derivatives in the balance sheet as either assets or liabilities at fair value. Accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative depends on whether it qualifies and has been designated as part of a hedging relationship. For derivatives that qualify and have been designated as hedges for accounting purposes
 changes in fair value have no net impact on earnings
 to the extent the derivative is considered perfectly effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows attributable to the risk being hedged
 until the hedged item is recognized in earnings (commonly referred to as the &#8220;hedge accounting&#8221; method). For derivatives that do not qualify or are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes
 changes in fair value are recorded in current period earnings (commonly referred to as the &#8220;mark-to-market&#8221; method). We may elect either method of accounting for our derivative portfolio
 assuming all the necessary requirements are met. We have in the past availed ourselves of either acceptable method and expect to do so in the future. We believe all of our derivative instruments represent economic hedges against changes in prices and rates
April&#160;28
 2013
&#32;representing cash deposits received from brokers to cover gains on our open derivative instruments. Changes in commodity prices could have a significant impact on&#160;cash deposit&#160;requirements under our broker and counterparty agreements. Additionally
 certain of our&#160;derivative contracts contain credit risk related&#160;contingent features
April&#160;28
 2013
We are exposed to losses in the event of nonperformance or nonpayment by counterparties under financial instruments. Although our counterparties primarily consist of financial institutions that are investment grade
 there is still a possibility that one or more of these companies could default. &#160;However
 a majority of our financial instruments are exchange traded futures contracts held with brokers and counterparties with whom we maintain margin accounts that are settled on a daily basis
 thereby limiting our credit exposure to non-exchange traded derivatives.&#160;Determination of the credit quality of our counterparties is based upon a number of factors
April&#160;28
 2013
&#32;on non-exchange traded derivative contracts
 excluding the effects of netting arrangements. As a result of netting arrangements
April&#160;28
April&#160;28
The size and mix of our derivative portfolio varies from time to time based upon our analysis of current and future market conditions.  All derivative contracts are recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets or accrued expenses and other current liabilities within the consolidated balance sheets
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
We enter into derivative instruments
 such as futures
 swaps and options contracts
 to manage our exposure to the variability in expected future cash flows attributable to commodity price risk associated with the forecasted sale of live hogs and fresh pork
 and the forecasted purchase of corn
 wheat and soybean meal. In addition
 we&#160;enter into interest rate swaps to manage our exposure to changes in interest rates associated with our variable interest rate debt
April&#160;28
 2013
When cash flow hedge accounting is applied
 derivative gains or losses are recognized as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transactions affect earnings. Derivative gains and losses
 when reclassified into earnings
 are recorded in cost of sales for&#160;grain contracts
 sales for lean hog contracts
 interest expense for interest rate contracts and selling
 general and administrative expenses for foreign exchange contracts. Gains and losses on derivatives designed to hedge price risk associated with fresh pork sales are recorded in the Hog Production segment.&#160;
30
885
114
525
273
755
569
920
11
687
71
979
For the fiscal periods presented
 foreign exchange contracts were determined to be highly effective. We have excluded from the assessment of effectiveness differences between spot and forward rates
During fiscal 2012 and 2011
 we discontinued cash flow hedge accounting on certain grain contracts as it became probable that the original forecasted transactions would not transpire. As a result of this change
April&#160;28
 2013
&#160;there were deferred net&#160;losses of&#160;
 net of tax of 
We enter into derivative instruments (primarily futures contracts) that are designed to hedge changes in&#160;the fair value of live hog inventories and&#160;firm commitments to buy grains. When fair value hedge accounting is applied
 derivative gains and losses are recognized in earnings currently along with the change in fair value of the hedged item attributable to the risk being hedged. The gains or losses on the derivative instruments and the offsetting losses or gains on the related hedged items are recorded in cost of sales for commodity contracts.
286
800
2
745
16
960
000
 gains of 
 respectively
For fair value hedges of hog inventory
 we elect to exclude from the assessment of effectiveness differences between the spot and futures prices. These differences are recorded directly into earnings as they occur. These differences resulted in losses of 
Derivative instruments that are not designated as a hedge
 have been de-designated from a hedging relationship
 or do not meet the criteria for hedge accounting are marked-to-market with the unrealized gains and losses together with actual realized gains and losses from closed contracts being recognized in current period earnings. Under the mark-to-market method
 gains and losses are recorded in either sales or cost of sales for commodity contracts
 and selling
 general and administrative expenses for foreign exchange contracts.
320
542
440
1
080
22
960
33
109
155
935
2
000
9
370
11
030
3
528
144
21
823
131
845
The table above reflects gains and losses from both open and closed contracts including
 among other things
 gains and losses related to contracts designed to hedge price movements that occur entirely within a fiscal year. The table includes amounts for both realized and unrealized gains and losses. The table is not
 therefore
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
We record our share of earnings and losses from our equity method investments in (income) loss from equity method investments. Some of these results are reported on a one-month lag which
 in our opinion
Each quarter
 we review the carrying value of our investments and consider whether indicators of impairment exist. Examples of impairment indicators include a history or expectation of future operating losses and declines in a quoted share price
 among other factors. If an impairment indicator exists
 we must evaluate the fair value of our investment to determine if a loss in value
 which is other than temporary
 has occurred. If we consider any such decline to be other than temporary (based on various factors
 including historical financial results
 product development activities and the overall health of the affiliate&#8217;s industry)
April&#160;28
 2013
37
811
&#32;shares of CFG common stock. Shares of CFG are publicly traded on the Bolsa de Madrid Exchange (Madrid Exchange). As the table below shows
April&#160;28
 2013
 indicating a possible impairment of our investment in CFG. However
 we do not believe the quoted share price on the Madrid Exchange is
 by itself
the minority shares traded on the Madrid Exchange confer no special rights or privileges to buyers.  In contrast
-person board of directors
the stock is very thinly traded. CFG is a closely held company
&#32;of the outstanding shares. We are CFG's largest shareholder
) per share during the last 24 months
The table below shows CFG's intra-day high share price and Smithfield's carrying value
 expressed in euro per share
May 5
February 17
April 29
April 28
Subsequent to the end of fiscal 2013
May&#160;30
As noted above
 we do not consider the share price on the Madrid Exchange
 by itself
 to be determinative of fair value. In assessing the fair value of our investment
 we considered a variety of information
 including an independent third party valuation report
 which incorporates generally accepted valuation techniques
 CFG's history of positive cash flows
 expectations about the future cash flows of CFG
 market multiples for comparable businesses
Based on an evaluation of all these factors
April&#160;28
 2013
 exceeded its carrying amount. However
 our estimate of fair value has declined over the last 24 months
 significantly eroding the gap between fair value and carrying value. The fair value decline is primarily attributable to persistent recessionary conditions in Western Europe
 which have dampened CFG's current operating performance. In addition
 rising interest rates associated with European sovereign debt crises have forced discount rates higher
 diminishing the values calculated using our discounted cash flow techniques. Finally
 CFG's share price on the Madrid Exchange has declined and
 notwithstanding our reservations about the Madrid Exchange price
April&#160;28
 2013
 the confluence of these and other factors has decreased our estimate of CFG's fair value and increased the risk of impairment. If the trends contributing to our lower estimate of CFG's fair value continue
 the investment would become impaired. Specifically
 if the most sensitive factors affecting our fair value calculations (i.e.
 estimates of future cash flows
 interest rates and share price) continue to deteriorate
 it is reasonably possible that our estimate of fair value could fall below carrying value. If that occurs
 and we determine that the decline is other than temporary
CFG prepares its financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards. Our share of CFG&#8217;s results reflects U.S. GAAP adjustments and thus
In December 2011 (fiscal 2012)
&#32;includes the disposal of certain assets
 employee redundancy costs and the contribution of CFG's French cooked ham business into a newly formed joint venture. As a result
2
2
2
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
1
1
1
1
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
6.625% senior unsecured notes
 due August 2022
10% senior secured notes
 due July 2014
10% senior secured notes
 due July 2014
7.75% senior unsecured notes
4% senior unsecured Convertible Notes
 due June 2013
7.75% senior unsecured notes
Floating rate senior unsecured term loan
Floating rate senior unsecured term loan
Various
 interest rates from 0.0% to 7.22%
2
1
1
1
1
2
In August 2012 (fiscal 2013)
&#32;aggregate principal amount of ten year
 6.625% senior unsecured notes at a price equal to 
 after underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses
&#32;in transaction fees in connection with issuance of the 2022 Notes
During fiscal 2011
 we repurchased 
During fiscal 2012
In January 2011 (fiscal 2011)
&#32;in cash (the January Tender Offer) the maximum aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 7.75% senior unsecured notes due May 2013 (2013 Notes) and our outstanding 10% senior secured notes due July 2014 (2014 Notes). As a result of the January Tender Offer
 we paid 
 respectively
&#32;in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011
During fiscal 2012
 we repurchased 
In conjunction with the issuance of the 2022 Notes in July 2012
 we commenced a tender offer to purchase any and all of our outstanding 2013 Notes and any and all of our outstanding 2014 Notes (the July 2012 Tender Offer). The July 2012 Tender Offer expired in August 2012. As a result of the July 2012 Tender Offer
 we paid 
 respectively. Also in August 2012
&#32;of our 2014 Notes. Net proceeds from the issuance of the 2022 Notes were used to make all of the repurchases of the 2013 Notes and 2014 Notes. As a result of these repurchases
&#32;in fiscal 2013
 including the write-off of related unamortized discounts
In June 2011 (fiscal 2012)
 we refinanced our asset-based revolving credit agreement totaling 
&#32;(the Inventory Revolver)
&#32;(the Securitization Facility). We may request working capital loans and letters of credit under both facilities. As a result of the refinancing
In January 2013 (fiscal 2013)
. All other terms and conditions of the Inventory Revolver remain unchanged
 including the limitation on the actual amount of credit that is available from time to time under the Inventory Revolver as a result of borrowing base valuations of our inventory
We have the right to further exercise the accordion feature and increase its total revolving commitment by an additional aggregate amount not to exceed $200.0 million
Availability under the Inventory Revolver is a function of the level of eligible inventories
April&#160;28
 2013
 the unused commitment fee and interest rate were 
The ratio of our funded debt to capitalization (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement) may not exceed 0.5 to 1.0
&#32;Obligations under the Inventory Revolver are guaranteed by our material U.S. subsidiaries and are secured by a first priority lien on certain personal property
 including cash and cash equivalents
 deposit accounts
 inventory
 intellectual property
&#32;in transaction fees in connection with the Inventory Revolver
The term of the Securitization Facility is three years. As part of the arrangement
 all accounts receivable of our major Pork segment subsidiaries are sold to a wholly-owned &#8220;bankruptcy remote&#8221; special purpose vehicle (SPV). The SPV pledges the receivables as security for loans and letters of credit. The SPV is included in our consolidated financial statements and therefore
 the accounts receivable owned by it are included in our consolidated balance sheet. However
April&#160;28
 2013
April&#160;28
 2013
 the unused commitment fee and interest rate were 
&#32;in transaction fees in connection with the Securitization Facility
April&#160;28
 2013
 we had aggregate credit facilities and credit lines totaling 
 
 
 
 respectively. Maximum borrowings were 
 
 
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 2012
In February 2013 (fiscal 2013)
scheduled maturity date of February 4
LIBOR plus 3.25% per annum or
 at our election
. In addition
 we may elect to prepay the Bank of America Term Loan at any time
. The Bank of America Term Loan contains various restrictive covenants substantially similar to those contained in the Inventory Revolver
 including with respect to liens
 indebtedness
 investments and acquisitions
 capital expenditures
 distributions
 mergers and asset sales
 in each case
 subject to certain qualifications and exceptions. In addition
In August 2012 (fiscal 2013)
&#32;term loan with Rabobank (the Rabobank Term Loan). As a result of the amended agreement
LIBOR plus 4%
 or at our election
The amended agreement contains affirmative and negative covenants that
 among other things
 limit or restrict our ability to create liens and encumbrances; incur debt; make acquisitions and investments; dispose of or transfer assets; pay dividends or make other payments in respect of our stock; in each case
 subject to certain qualifications and exceptions that are generally consistent with the terms and conditions of the 2022 Notes. In addition
In July 2008 (fiscal 2009)
&#32;aggregate principal amount of 4% convertible senior notes due June&#160;30
 2013 (the Convertible Notes) in a registered offering. The Convertible Notes are senior unsecured obligations. The Convertible Notes are payable with cash and
 at certain times
 are convertible into shares of our common stock based on an initial conversion rate
 subject to adjustment
$1
&#32;per share). Upon conversion
 a holder will receive cash up to the principal amount of the Convertible Notes and shares of our common stock for the remainder
 if any
On April&#160;1
 2013
On the date of issuance of the Convertible Notes
. Based on that rate of interest
In connection with the issuance of the Convertible Notes
 we entered into separate convertible note hedge transactions with respect to our common stock to reduce potential economic dilution upon conversion of the Convertible Notes
&#32;shares of our common stock
 subject to adjustment
 which is the number of shares initially issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Notes. In addition
&#32;shares of our common stock
LEASE OBLIGATIONS
We lease facilities and equipment under non-cancelable operating leases. The terms of each lease agreement vary and may contain renewal or purchase options. Rental payments under operating leases are charged to expense on the straight-line basis over the period of the lease. Rental expense under operating leases of real estate
 machinery
 vehicles and other equipment was 
 
 
April&#160;28
April&#160;28
 2013
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 2012
 respectively
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 2012
We have agreements
 expiring through 
 to use cold storage warehouses owned by partnerships
 of which we are 50% partners. We have agreed to pay prevailing competitive rates for use of the facilities
 subject to aggregate guaranteed minimum annual fees. In 
 
 we paid 
 
 respectively
April&#160;28
 2013
April&#160;29
 2012
We have purchase commitments with certain livestock producers that obligate us to purchase all the livestock that these producers deliver. Other arrangements obligate us to purchase a fixed amount of livestock. We also use independent farmers and their facilities to raise hogs produced from our breeding stock in exchange for a performance-based service fee payable upon delivery. We estimate the future obligations under these commitments based on available commodity livestock futures prices and internal projections about future hog prices
1
1
1
April&#160;28
 2013
April&#160;28
As part of our business
April&#160;28
. We could become liable in connection with these obligations depending on the performance of the guaranteed party or the occurrence of future events that we are unable to predict. If we consider it probable that we will become responsible for an obligation
April&#160;28
 2013
&#32;of leases that were transferred to JBS S.A.&#160;in connection with the sale of Smithfield Beef
State income taxes
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 2012
 respectively
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
Tax credits
Property
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
Management makes an assessment to determine if its deferred tax assets are more likely than not to be realized.&#160;Valuation allowances are established in the event that management believes the related tax benefits will not be realized. The valuation allowance primarily relates&#160;to state credits
 state&#160;net operating loss carryforwards and losses in foreign jurisdictions for which no tax benefit was recognized. During 
The tax credits
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 2012
Balance
 May 1
Balance
 April 29
Balance
 April 28
We operate in multiple taxing jurisdictions
 both within the U.S. and outside of the U.S.
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 2012
 respectively. We recognized 
 respectively
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 2012
 that if recognized
We are currently being audited in several tax jurisdictions and remain subject to examination until the statute of limitations expires for the respective tax jurisdiction. Within specific countries
 we may be subject to audit by various tax authorities
April&#160;28
 2013
April&#160;28
The following table presents a reconciliation of the pension benefit obligation
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 2012
 respectively. We made 
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 2012
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
We use an independent third-party actuary to assist in the determination of assumptions used and the measurement of our pension obligation and related costs. We review and select the discount rate to be used in connection with our pension obligation annually. In determining the discount rate
 we use the yield on corporate bonds (rated AA or better) that coincides with the cash flows of the plans&#8217; estimated benefit payouts. The model uses a yield curve approach to discount each cash flow of the liability stream at an interest rate specifically applicable to the timing of each respective cash flow. Using imputed interest rates
To determine the expected long-term return on plan assets
 we consider the current and anticipated asset allocations
 as well as historical and estimated returns on various categories of plan assets.&#160;&#160;Long-term trends are evaluated relative to market factors such as inflation
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 2012
&#32;percent
 respectively. Actual results that differ from our assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future periods and
 therefore
Pension plan assets may be invested in cash and cash equivalents
 equities
 debt securities
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
Cash and cash equivalents
1
1
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 2012
2
054
4
154
&#32;shares
 respectively
 with market values of 
We generally contribute the minimum amount required under government regulations to our qualified pension plans
In addition to our Company sponsored defined benefit pension plans
 we contribute to several multiemployer defined benefit pension plans under collective bargaining agreements that cover certain of our union-represented employees. The risks of participating in such plans are different from the risks of single-employer plans
If a participating employer ceases to contribute to a multiemployer plan
If we were to withdraw from a multiemployer plan
&#8212;Plan has been determined to be in &#8220;endangered status&#8221; and is generally less than 80% funded. A funding improvement plan
 as required under the IRC
 must be adopted.
 generally prohibits the Company from repurchasing any of its shares prior to the completion of the Merger
19
068
079
 including related fees. The price of the repurchased shares has been allocated among common stock
April&#160;28
 2013
28
244
783
 including related commissions
1
000
&#32;par value preferred stock authorized
&#32;of which are issued. The board of directors is authorized to issue preferred stock in series and to fix
 by resolution
 the designation
 dividend rate
 redemption provisions
 liquidation rights
 sinking fund provisions
Under the terms of the merger agreement with Shuanghui
 which is further described in Note 
 immediately prior to the merger
 the maximum number of shares underlying all then-outstanding stock-based compensation awards
 whether vested or unvested
&#32;per share
 less the exercise price of such awards
During fiscal 2009
 we adopted the 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan (the Incentive Plan)
 which replaced the 1998 Stock Incentive Plan and provides for the issuance of non-statutory stock options and other awards to employees
12
583
April&#160;28
 2013
7
140
Under the Incentive Plan
 we grant options for periods not exceeding 10 years
 which either cliff vest five years after the date of grant or vest ratably over a three-year period with an exercise price of not less than 100% of the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant. Compensation expense for stock options was 
 
 
 respectively. The related income tax benefits recognized were 
 
 for 
 
 respectively. There was 
 
 
April&#160;28
 2013
Outstanding as of April 29
2
826
370
(279
(18
(40
Outstanding as of April 28
2
858
Exercisable as of April 28
1
621
324
 
 
 respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during 
 
 
April&#160;28
 2013
 there was 
 
 
The Incentive Plan also provides for the issuance of performance share units (PSU) to reward employees for the achievement of performance goals. We grant PSUs that contain performance conditions
 which require the achievement of specified financial and/or operational performance metrics. We also grant PSUs that contain market conditions
 which require the achievement of certain stock price targets or the achievement of specified levels of shareholder return relative to other companies in our industry. PSUs generally vest over a required employee service period
PSUs containing performance conditions are generally measured at fair value as if they were vested and issued on the grant date. The fair value of PSUs containing market conditions is estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model
 which simulates a range of possible future stock prices after incorporating assumptions about risk free rates
April&#160;28
 2013
Outstanding as of April 29
908
920
(564
(51
Outstanding as of April 28
1
212
567
 
&#32;per share unit
 respectively. The total intrinsic value of PSUs converted into shares of our common stock and issued in 
 respectively. No PSUs were converted into shares of our common stock in fiscal 
 
 
 respectively. The related income tax benefits recognized were 
 
 
April&#160;28
 2013
&#32;of total unrecognized compensation cost related to the performance share units
As part of the Incentive Plan
 we maintain a nonqualified deferred compensation plan that permits executive officers to voluntarily defer up to 25% of the payouts under their annual cash incentive awards in exchange for a performance award payable in the form of Company stock at such time in the future as elected by the officers
450
&#32;restricted stock units in fiscal 2013
 including the company match
250
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
&#32;in fiscal 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 related to restricted stock awards under the ESPP.  For awards granted under the ESPP through the date of this filing
)
 we entered into separate convertible note hedge transactions with respect to our common stock to minimize the impact of potential economic dilution upon conversion of the Convertible Notes
&#32;per share
 subject to adjustment
. In general
&#32;per share
The Call Spread Transactions
 in effect
&#32;per share
We have analyzed the Call Spread Transactions and determined that they meet the criteria for classification as equity instruments. As a result
April&#160;28
 2013
2
616
As part of the Incentive Plan director fee deferral program
April&#160;28
 2013
330
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. We are required to consider and reflect the assumptions of market participants in fair value calculations. These factors include nonperformance risk (the risk that an obligation will not be fulfilled) and credit risk
We use
 as appropriate
 a market approach (generally
 data from market transactions)
 an income approach (generally
 present value techniques)
 and/or a cost approach (generally
 replacement cost) to measure the fair value of an asset or liability.&#160;&#160;These valuation approaches incorporate inputs such as observable
 independent market data that we believe are predicated on the assumptions market participants would use to price an asset or liability. These inputs may incorporate
 as applicable
 certain risks such as nonperformance risk
Level&#160;2&#8212;observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level&#160;1
We have classified assets and liabilities  measured at fair value based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. For the periods presented
The following tables set forth
 by level within the fair value hierarchy
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
Derivatives classified within Level 1 are valued using quoted market prices. In some cases where quoted market prices are not available
 we value the derivatives using pricing models based on the net present value of estimated future cash flows to calculate fair value
 in which case the measurements are classified within Level 2. These valuation models make use of market-based observable inputs
 including exchange traded prices and rates
 yield curves
 credit curves
&#8212;Open-ended mutual funds are valued at their net asset value (NAV)
 which approximates fair value
Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis after initial recognition; that is
 the assets and liabilities are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances
 for example
 when there is evidence of impairment. During 
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
1
1
Unsettled transactions
1
1
Cash equivalents include highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. Due to their short-term nature
 the carrying amount of these instruments approximates the estimated fair value. Actively traded money market funds are measured at their NAV
 which approximates fair value
When available
 the fair value of equity securities are based on quoted prices in active markets and classified as Level 1. Level 1 financial instruments include highly liquid instruments with quoted prices
If quoted prices are not available
 fair values are obtained from pricing services
 broker quotes or other model-based valuation techniques with observable inputs and classified as Level 2. The nature of these equity securities include securities for which quoted prices are available but traded less frequently
 securities whose fair value has been derived using a model where inputs to the model are directly observable in the market
 or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data and securities that are valued using other financial instruments
The fair values of fixed income instruments are obtained from pricing services
 broker quotes or other model-based valuation techniques with observable inputs and classified as Level 2. The nature of these fixed income instruments include instruments for which quoted prices are available but traded less frequently
 instruments whose fair value has been derived using a model where inputs to the model are directly observable in the market
 or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data and securities that are valued using other financial instruments
 the parameters of which can be directly observed. Level 2 fixed income instruments include mutual funds
 asset-backed securities
fair values of alternative investments are obtained from pricing services
 broker quotes or other model-based valuation techniques with observable inputs and classified as Level 2. The nature of these alternative investments include instruments for which quoted prices are available but traded less frequently
 instruments whose fair value has been derived using a model where inputs to the model are directly observable in the market
 or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data and securities that are valued using other financial instruments
 the parameters of which can be directly observed. Level 2 alternative investments include diversified investment funds
The valuation of limited partnership investments requires the use of significant unobservable inputs due to the absence of quoted market prices
 inherent lack of liquidity and long-term nature of such assets and are classified as Level 3. These investments are initially valued at cost with quarterly valuations performed utilizing available market data to determine the fair value of these investments. Such market data consists primarily of the observations of trading multiples of public companies considered comparable to the investments with adjustments for investment-specific issues
The valuation of these guaranteed annuity insurance contracts is primarily based on quoted prices in active markets with adjustments for unobservable inputs caused by the unique nature of applying investment earnings as part of the participation guarantee.&#160;Due to these unobservable inputs and the long-term nature of these investments
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
Balance
 May 1
Purchases
 sales and settlements
Balance
 April 29
Purchases
 sales and settlements
Balance
 April 28
We determine the fair value of public debt using Level 2 inputs based on quoted market prices. The carrying amount of all other debt approximates fair value as those instruments are based on variable interest rates. The following table presents the fair value and carrying value of long-term debt
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
2
2
2
1
The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
Wendell Murphy
 a director of ours
 or his immediate family members hold ownership interests in Arrowhead Farms
 Inc.
 BAZ
 LLC
 Crusader Farms
 LLC
 DM Farms
 LLC
 Enviro-Tech Farms
 Inc.
 Golden Farms
 Inc.
 Ironside Investment Management
 LLC
 Lisbon 1 Farm
 Inc. (Lisbon)
 Murphy Family Ventures
 Murphy-Honour Farms
 Inc.
 Murphy Milling Company
 Quarter M Ranch
 Inc.
 PSM Associates LLC
 Pure Country Farms
 LLC
 Stantonsburg Farm
 Inc.
 Triumph Associates
 LLC and Webber Farms
 Inc. A vice president of our Hog Production segment also holds an ownership interest in Lisbon. These farms either produce hogs for us or produce and sell feed ingredients to us. In 
 
 we paid 
 
 respectively
 to these entities for hogs
 feed ingredients and reimbursement of associated farm and other support costs.
 
 we paid&#160;
 
 respectively
 to JCT for the production of hogs. In 
 
 we received 
 
 respectively
Also
 multiple other vice presidents of the Hog Production segment hold ownership interests in Seacoast
 LLC
 Advantage Farms
 LLC
 Old Oak Farms LLC and Pork Partners
 Inc.  These companies produce and raise hogs for us under contractual arrangements that are consistent with third party grower contracts. In 
 
 we paid&#160;service fees of 
 
 respectively
 to these companies. In 
 
 we received 
 
 respectively
Like other participants in the industry
 we are subject to various laws and regulations administered by federal
 state and other government entities
 including the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and corresponding state agencies
 as well as the United States Department of Agriculture
 the Grain Inspection
 Packers and Stockyard Administration
 the United States Food and Drug Administration
 the United States Occupational Safety and Health Administration
We from time to time receive notices and inquiries from regulatory authorities and others asserting that we are not in compliance with such laws and regulations. In some instances
 litigation ensues. In addition
April&#160;28
In July 2009 (fiscal 2010)
 a fire occurred at the primary manufacturing facility of our subsidiary
 Patrick Cudahy
 Inc. (Patrick Cudahy)
 in Cudahy
 Wisconsin. The fire damaged a portion of the facility&#8217;s production space and required the temporary cessation of operations
&#32;facility. Shortly after the fire
 we resumed production activities in undamaged portions of the plant
 including the distribution center
We maintain comprehensive general liability and property insurance
 including business interruption insurance. In December 2010 (fiscal 2011)
 we reached an agreement with our insurance carriers to settle the claim for a total of 
&#32;had been advanced to us in fiscal 2010. We allocated these proceeds to first recover the book value of the property lost
&#32;in insurance proceeds received in fiscal 2011 to settle the claim
&#32;was classified in net cash flows from investing activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows
Our operating segments are determined on the basis of how we internally report and evaluate financial information used to make operating decisions and assess performance. For external reporting purposes
 we aggregate operating segments which have similar economic characteristics
 products
 production processes
 types or classes of customers and distribution methods into reportable segments based on a combination of factors
 including products produced and geographic areas of operations. Our reportable segments are: Pork
 Hog Production
 International
 Other and Corporate
 each&#160;of which is comprised of a number of subsidiaries
The Pork segment consists mainly of our three wholly-owned U.S. fresh pork and packaged meats subsidiaries: Smithfield Packing
 Farmland Foods
 Inc. and John Morrell Food Group. The Pork segment produces a wide variety of fresh pork and packaged meats products in the U.S. and markets them nationwide and to numerous foreign markets
 including China
 Japan
 Mexico
 Russia and Canada. Fresh pork products include loins
 butts
 picnics and ribs
 among others. Packaged meats products include smoked and boiled hams
 bacon
 sausage
 hot dogs (pork
 beef and chicken)
 deli and luncheon meats
 specialty products such as pepperoni
 dry meat products
 and ready-to-eat
853
The following table shows the percentages of Hog Production segment revenues derived from hogs sold internally and externally
Consists primarily of grains
The International segment includes our meat processing and distribution operations in Poland
 Romania and the United Kingdom
 our interests in meat processing operations
 mainly in Western Europe and Mexico
 our hog production operations located in Poland and Romania and our interests in hog production operations in Mexico. Our international meat processing operations produce a wide variety of fresh pork
 beef
 poultry and packaged meats products
 including cooked hams
 sausages
 hot dogs
The following table shows the percentages of International segment revenues derived from packaged meats
Includes external hog sales
 feed
 feathers
The Other segment
&#32;interest in Butterball
 LLC (Butterball)
11
11
10
3
3
2
1
1
1
15
15
14
(2
(2
(2
(2
(2
(2
13
13
12
1
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
May&#160;1
2
2
2
2
2
2
1
1
1
1
1
1
7
7
7
Balance
 May 1
Balance
 April 29
Balance
 April 28
April&#160;28
 2013
April&#160;29
May&#160;1
11
11
10
1
1
1
13
13
12
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
May&#160;1
3
2
2
1
1
1
4
4
4
Interest paid
Income taxes (paid) refunded
(in millions
3
3
3
3
13
1
3
3
3
3
13
1
Per common share amounts for the quarters and full years have each been calculated separately. Accordingly
Net income in the first
 second and third quarters included losses on debt extinguishment of 
 
 respectively.
 respectively
Gross profit in the first
 second and third quarters included accelerated depreciation charges associated with the idling of certain Missouri hog farm assets of 
 
 and 
Operating profit in the second
 third and fourth quarters included charges associated with the planned closure of our Portsmouth facility of 
 
 and 
 respectively.
 respectively. In June 2011 (fiscal 2012)
On May 28
 2013
 we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) with Shuanghui International Holdings Limited
 a corporation formed under the laws of the Cayman Islands (Shuanghui) and Sun Merger Sub
 Inc.
 a Virginia corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Shuanghui (Merger Sub and
 together with Shuanghui
 the Parent Parties)
 pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company (the Merger)
Shuanghui is the majority shareholder of Henan Shuanghui Investment &amp; Development Co.
Under the terms of the Merger Agreement
 which has been unanimously approved by the boards of directors of both companies
&#32;per share in cash. Upon completion of the Merger
 all then-outstanding stock-based compensation awards
 whether vested or unvested
&#32;per share (without interest)
 less the exercise price of such awards
The Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights for the Company and Shuanghui. Upon termination of the Merger Agreement under specified customary circumstances
 the Company will be required to pay Shuanghui a termination fee. If the Merger Agreement is terminated in connection with the Company entering into an alternative acquisition agreement in respect of a superior proposal or making a change of recommendation
 or in certain other customary circumstances
. Under specified circumstances
 if the Company enters into a definitive agreement with a Qualified Pre-Existing Bidder with respect to an alternative acquisition proposal on or before June 27
 2013
&#32;(which is not exclusive in the case of a willful breach) if the Merger Agreement is terminated under certain circumstances in connection with a willful breach by Shuanghui
 termination primarily caused by the failure to obtain required U.S. or foreign antitrust or other regulatory approvals (other than CFIUS)
 or termination as a result of the failure by Shuanghui to receive the proceeds of its committed debt financing and consummate the Merger. 
 rollover of certain existing Company debt
Funding
The closing of the Merger is subject to certain conditions
 including
 among others
 approval by our shareholders
 the receipt of approval under applicable U.S. and specified foreign antitrust and anti-competition laws
 and if review by CFIUS has concluded
Kansas City Sausage
In May 2013 (fiscal 2014)
&#32;interest in Kansas City Sausage Company
 LLC (KCS)
&#32;in cash
 subject to a customary post-closing adjustment for differences between working capital at closing and an agreed-upon target. Upon closing
 in addition to the cash purchase price
&#32;to the seller in exchange for a promissory note
 which is secured by the remaining membership interests in KCS held by the seller.  Additionally
 we entered into a revolving loan agreement with KCS
KCS is a leading U.S.sausage producer and sow processor. We intend to merge KCS's low-cost
 efficient operations and high-quality products with our strong brands and sales and marketing team to continue to grow our packaged meats business. The venture will operate in Des Moines
 Iowa and Kansas City
 Missouri. In Des Moines
 the venture will produce premium raw materials for sausage
 as well as value-added products
 including boneless hams and hides. The Kansas City plant is a modern sausage processing facility in the U.S. and is designed for optimum efficiency to provide retail and foodservice customers with high quality products. With our strong ongoing focus on building our packaged meats business
&#32;of the U.S. sow population
SMITHFIELD FOODS
APRIL&#160;28
Fiscal year ended April 28
Fiscal year ended April 29
Fiscal year ended May 1
Fiscal year ended April 28
Fiscal year ended April 29
Fiscal year ended May 1
Fiscal year ended April 28
Fiscal year ended April 29
Fiscal year ended May 1
An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of management
 including the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and the Chief Financial Officer (CFO)
 regarding the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
April&#160;28
. Based on that evaluation
 management
 including the CEO and CFO
April&#160;28
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to management and the board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
April&#160;28
. In making this assessment
 we used criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on this evaluation under the framework in Internal Control &#8211; Integrated Framework issued by COSO
April&#160;28
Our independent registered public accounting firm
 Ernst &amp; Young LLP
April&#160;28
 2013
 there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
DIRECTORS
All other information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed with respect to our 2013 Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the headings entitled &#8220;Nominees for Election to Three-Year Terms
&#8221; &#8220;Directors whose Terms do not Expire this Year
Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed with respect to our 2013 Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the headings (including the narrative disclosures following a referenced table) entitled &#8220;Compensation Discussion and Analysis
&#8221; &#8220;Fiscal 2012 Executive Compensation
&#8221; &#8220;Director Compensation
&#8221; &#8220;Compensation Committee Report
Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed with respect to our 2013 Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the headings entitled &#8220;Principal Shareholders
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
 RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
 
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 2012
 
Agreement and Plan of Merger
 dated as of May 28
 2013
 by and among Shuanghui International Holdings Limited
 Sun Merger Sub
 Inc. and the Company. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 29
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on December 6
Bylaws of the Company
 as amended
 effective June 16
 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on June 18
Indenture between the Company and SunTrust Bank
 as trustee
 dated May 21
 2003 regarding the issuance by the Company of $350
000
000 senior notes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11(a) to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on July 23
Registration Rights Agreement
 dated May 7
 2007
 among the Company and ContiGroup Companies
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 7
Amendment No. 1
 dated as of October 23
 2008
 to the Registration Rights Agreement
 dated as of May 7
 2007
 by and between Smithfield Foods
 Inc. and Continental Grain Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 24
Indenture&#8212;Senior Debt Securities
 dated June 1
 2007
 between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10(a) to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on June 28
First Supplemental Indenture to the Indenture&#8212;Senior Debt Securities between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association
 as trustee
 dated as of June 22
 2007 regarding the issuance by the Company of the 2007 7.750% Senior Notes due 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10(b) to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on June 28
Second Supplemental Indenture to the Indenture&#8212;Senior Debt Securities between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association
 as trustee
 dated as of July 8
 2008 regarding the issuance by the Company of the 2008 4.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on September 5
Third Supplemental Indenture to the Indenture&#8212;Senior Debt Securities between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association
 as trustee
 dated as of August 1
 2012 regarding the issuance by the Company of the2012 6.625% Senior Notes due 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 1
Form of 6.625% Senior Note Due 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 1
Form of Subordinated Indenture between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association
 as trustee
 as supplemented from time to time (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC on June 25
Registrant hereby agrees to furnish the SEC
 upon request
Smithfield Foods
 Inc. 1998 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company&#8217;s Form 10-K Annual Report filed with the SEC on July 30
Amendment No. 1 to the Smithfield Foods
 Inc. 1998 Stock Incentive Plan dated August 29
 2000 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6(b) of the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on July 29
Amendment No. 2 to the Smithfield Foods
 Inc. 1998 Stock Incentive Plan dated August 29
 2001 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6(c) of the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on July 29
Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement for the Smithfield Foods
 Inc. 1998 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3(d) to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on July&#160;11
Smithfield Foods
 Inc. 2005 Non-Employee Directors Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 1
Master Terms and Conditions for Convertible Bond Hedging Transactions
 dated as of July 1
 2008
 between Citibank
 N.A. and Smithfield Foods
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 8
Master Terms and Conditions for Convertible Bond Hedging Transactions
 dated as of July&#160;1
 2008
 between Goldman
 Sachs &amp; Co. and Smithfield Foods
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July&#160;8
Master Terms and Conditions for Convertible Bond Hedging Transactions
 dated as of July 1
 2008
 between JPMorgan Chase Bank
 National Association
 London Branch and Smithfield Foods
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 8
Confirmation for Convertible Bond Hedging Transaction
 dated July 1
 2008
 between Citibank
 N.A. and Smithfield Foods
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 8
Confirmation for Convertible Bond Hedging Transaction
 dated July 1
 2008
 between Goldman
 Sachs &amp; Co. and Smithfield Foods
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 8
Confirmation for Convertible Bond Hedging Transaction
 dated July 1
 2008
 between JPMorgan Chase Bank
 National Association
 London Branch and Smithfield Foods
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 8
Master Terms and Conditions for Warrants Issued by Smithfield Foods
 Inc. to Citibank
 N.A.
 dated as of July 1
 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 8
Master Terms and Conditions for Warrants Issued by Smithfield Foods
 Inc. to Goldman
 Sachs &amp; Co.
 dated as of July 1
 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 8
Master Terms and Conditions for Warrants Issued by Smithfield Foods
 Inc. to JPMorgan Chase Bank
 National Association
 London Branch
 dated as of July 1
 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 8
Confirmation for Warrants Issued by Smithfield Foods
 Inc. to Citibank
 N.A.
 dated July 1
 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 8
Confirmation for Warrants Issued by Smithfield Foods
 Inc. to Goldman
 Sachs &amp; Co.
 dated July 1
 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 8
Confirmation for Warrants Issued by Smithfield Foods
 Inc. to JPMorgan Chase Bank
 National Association
 London Branch
 dated July 1
 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July&#160;8
Smithfield Foods
 Inc. Amended and Restated 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on September 11
Form of Smithfield Foods
 Inc. 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan Performance Share Unit Award (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 3
Form of Smithfield Foods
 Inc. 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan Stock Option Award (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 10
Form of Smithfield Foods
 Inc. 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan Performance Share Unit Award to Executive Officers in the Pork Group granted on June 15
 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on September 9
Form of Smithfield Foods
 Inc. 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan Performance Share Unit Award to certain Executive Officers granted June 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on September 6
Certain Compensation for Named Executive Officers for fiscal 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on September 6
Smithfield Foods
 Inc. Change in Control Executive Severance Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 8
Amendment No. 1 to Smithfield Foods
 Inc. Change in Control Executive Severance Plan
 dated May 28
 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 4
Exhibit 10.7*
Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement
 dated as of August 31
 2012
 among the Company
 certain subsidiaries of the Company that may from time to time be party thereto
 Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
 New York Branch
 as Administrative Agent
 and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 6
First Amendment to Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement
 dated as of January 31
 2013
 among the Company
 Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
 New York Branch
Term Loan Agreement
 dated as of February 4
 2013
 among the Company and Bank of America
 N.A.(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 6
Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement
 dated as June 9
 2011
 among Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.&#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
 New York Branch
 as administrative agent for the ABL Parties
 U.S. Bank National Association
 as collateral agentfor the Term Debt Secured Parties
 Smithfield Receivables Funding LLC
 Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.&#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
 New York Branch
 as Administrative Agent under the Credit and Security Agreement and each of the Loan Parties party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on June 18
First Amendment to Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement
 dated as of January 31
 2013
 among Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.&#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
 New York Branch
 as administrative agent for the ABL Parties
 Smithfield Receivables Funding LLC
 Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.&#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
 New York Branch
Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated as of June 9
 2011
 among the Company
 the subsidiaries of the Company party thereto
 Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
 New York Branch
 as Administrative Agent
 the lenders party thereto
 and the other agents and arrangers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 16
First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated as of January 31
 2013
 among the Company
 the subsidiaries of the Company party thereto
 the banks and other lending institutions party thereto and Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
 New York Branch
Second Amended and Restated Pledge and Security Agreement
 dated as of June 9
 2011
 among the Company
 the subsidiaries of the Company party thereto and Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
 New York Branch
 as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 16
Increased Commitment Supplement
 dated January 31
 2013
 among the Company
 certain lenders party thereto and Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
 New York Branch
 as Administrative Agent
 relating to the Company's Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated June 9
 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 8
Amended and Restated Receivables Sale Agreement
 dated as of January 31
 2013
 among the Company
 SFFC
 Inc.
 Farmland Foods
 Inc.
 The Smithfield Packing Company
 Incorporated
 
 Premium Pet Health
 LLC
 Patrick Cudahy
 LLC
 John Morrell &amp; Co.
 Smithfield Global Products
 Inc.
 Armour-Eckrich Meats LLC
 Smithfield of Canada
Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Receivables Sales Agreement
 dated as of March 20
 2013
 among the Company
 SFFC
 Inc.
 Farmland Foods
 Inc.
 Smithfield of Canada
 Ltd.
 The Smithfield Packing Company
 Incorporated
 Premium Pet Health
 LLC
 Patrick Cudahy
 LLC
 John Morrell &amp; Co.
 Smithfield Global Products
 Inc.
 Armour-Eckrich Meats
Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Receivables Sales Agreement
 dated as of May 31
 2013
 among the Company
 SFFC
 Inc.
 Farmland Foods
 Inc.
 Smithfield of Canada
 Ltd.
 The Smithfield Packing Company
 Incorporated
 Premium Pet Health
 LLC
 Patrick Cudahy
 LLC
 John Morrell &amp; Co.
 Smithfield Global Products
 Inc.
 Armour-Eckrich Meats LLC
 Smithfield Specialty Foods Group
 LLC
 American Skin Food Group
Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement
 dated as of January 31
 2013
 among Smithfield Receivables Funding LLC
 the Company
 Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
 New York Branch
 as the Administrative Agent and Letter of Credit Issuer
Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement
 dated as of May 31
 2013
 among Smithfield Receivables Funding LLC
 the Company
 Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
 New York Branch
 as the Administrative Agent and Letter of Credit Issuer
Smithfield Foods
 Inc. Executive Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on June 18
Escrow Agreement
 dated as of May 28
 2013
 by and among Shuanghui International Holdings Limited
 Rotary Vortex Limited
 Smithfield Foods
 Inc. and Bank of China
 New York Branch (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 29
Certification of C. Larry Pope
 President and Chief Executive Officer
Certification of Robert W. Manly
 IV
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Certification of C. Larry Pope
 President and Chief Executive Officer
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350
Certification of Robert W. Manly
 IV
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350
The following financial statements from Smithfield Foods
 Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 28
 2013
 formatted in XBRL: (i) Consolidated Statements of Income
 (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
 (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets
 (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Pursuant to the requirements of Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.
June&#160;18
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
June&#160;18
Joseph W. Luter
President
June&#160;18
 2013
June&#160;18
Robert W. Manly
Senior Vice President
June&#160;18
June&#160;18
June&#160;18
June&#160;18
June&#160;18
June&#160;18
 2013
June&#160;18
Frank S. Royal
June&#160;18
 2013
June&#160;18
Paul S. Trible
 Jr.














		


The Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for recommending director compensation to the Board of Directors. The following compensation arrangements have been recommended by the Nominating and Governance Committee and approved by the Board of Directors as of November 2012.  The only change in compensation approved by the Nominating and Governance Committee as of November 2012 was an increase in the annual award of deferred stock units
an annual retainer of $75
000
an additional annual retainer of $25
000 for the lead director
an additional annual retainer of $15
000 for the chair of the Audit Committee
an additional annual retainer of $10
000 for the chair of any other committees
$2
In addition
 each non-employee director receives an annual award of $105
000 in deferred stock units pursuant to the current award program under the Company&#8217;s 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan (the &#8220;2008 Plan&#8221;).&#160;&#160;Prior to fiscal 2013
 each non-employee director received $75
000 in deferred stock units. For fiscal 2013
 the number of deferred stock units for this annual award was determined based on the closing price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the second trading day following the Company&#8217;s second quarter earnings announcement.  For fiscal 2014 and beyond
Non-employee directors are also entitled under the 2008 Plan to defer 25%
 50%
 75% or 100% of their directors fees and receive deferred stock units in lieu thereof. Each deferred stock unit entitles the director to receive one share of common stock at a time following the director&#8217;s termination of service
 as specified in advance by the director. In the event cash dividends are paid on our common stock
The Chairman of the Board receives
 in lieu of any other director compensation
 an annual cash retainer of $500
000
 payable in four quarterly installments. In addition
 the Chairman receives an annual award of deferred stock units valued at $500
000
 awarded in four quarterly installments. The number of deferred stock units received quarterly is equal to $125
&#32;on the date prior to the date on which the quarterly payment is to be paid. Each deferred stock unit entitles the Chairman to receive one share of common stock at a time following the Chairman&#8217;s termination of service as director
 as specified in advance by the Chairman. In the event cash dividends are paid on our common stock
 hypothetical cash dividends in the same amount will be credited to the director&#8217;s account and converted into stock units based on the market price of our common stock on the trading day before the dividend payment date.














		


THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED TERM LOAN AGREEMENT
 dated as of January 31
)
 is among SMITHFIELD FOODS
 INC.
)
 and CO&#214;PERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN-BOERENLEENBANK B.A. RABOBANK NEDERLAND
 NEW YORK BRANCH
 (in its individual capacity
)
 individually as the lender (the Lender) and as administrative agent (in such capacity
The Borrower
 Rabobank Nederland as the only lender and the Administrative Agent have entered into that certain Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement dated as of August 31
 2012 (as the same may hereafter be amended or otherwise modified
NOW
 THEREFORE
 in consideration of the premises herein contained and other good and valuable consideration
 the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged
.  Capitalized terms used in this Amendment
 to the extent not otherwise defined herein
 shall have the same meanings as in the Agreement
 means any transaction or series of transactions that may be entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries may sell
 convey or otherwise transfer to (i) a Receivables Entity (in the case of a transfer by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) and (ii) any other Person (in the case of a transfer by a Receivables Entity)
 or may grant a security interest in
 any accounts receivable (whether now existing or arising in the future) of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries
 any other Receivables and any assets related thereto including
 without limitation
 all collateral securing such accounts receivable and other Receivables
 all contracts and all guarantees or other obligations in respect of such accounts receivable and other Receivables
 proceeds of such accounts receivable
 other Receivables and other assets which are customarily transferred or in respect of which security interests are customarily granted in connection with asset securitization transactions involving accounts receivable and other Receivables
 means a Wholly&#8722;Owned Subsidiary of the Borrower (or another Person in which the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower makes an Investment and to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower transfers accounts receivable
 other Receivables and related assets) which engages in no activities other than in connection with the financing of accounts receivable and other Receivables and which is designated by the Board of Directors of the Borrower (as provided below) as a Receivables Entity
 (a)&#160;no portion of the Indebtedness or any other obligations (contingent or otherwise) of which (i)&#160;is guaranteed by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower (excluding guarantees of obligations (other than the principal of
 and interest on
 Indebtedness) pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings)
 (ii)&#160;is recourse to or obligates the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower in any way other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings or (iii)&#160;subjects any property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower
 directly or indirectly
 contingently or otherwise
 to the satisfaction thereof
 other than pursuant to Standard Securitization Undertakings
 (b)&#160;with which neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary of the Borrower has any material contract
 agreement
 arrangement or understanding (except in connection with a Purchase Money Note or Qualified Receivables Transaction) other than on terms no less favorable to the Borrower or such Subsidiary than those that might be obtained at the time from Persons that are not Affiliates of the Borrower
 other than fees payable in the ordinary course of business in connection with servicing accounts receivable
(ix)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;sales of accounts receivable
 other Receivables and related assets of the type specified in the definition of Qualified Receivables Transaction to a Receivables Entity for the fair market value thereof
 means
 as of any date of determination
 any inventory of an Originator that (a) is in the process of being transported by such Originator to an account debtor pursuant to a Receivables Contract that is then expected to be delivered within five (5) or fewer calendar days
 (b) is covered by insurance in accordance with the applicable Originator's normal business practices
 and (c) upon its receipt and acceptance by such account debtor
 means (i) all indebtedness and other obligations owed to an Originator (at the times it arises
 and before giving effect to any transfer or conveyance under the Receivables Sale Agreement) (including any indebtedness
 obligation or interest constituting an account
 chattel paper
 instrument or general intangible) arising in connection with the sale of goods or the rendering of services by such Originator and further includes
 without limitation or in addition
 the obligation of an account debtor to pay any finance charge
 interest
 late payment charges or similar charges with respect thereto and (ii)&#160;all rights of an Originator under a Receivables Contract to collect or receive amounts that become due and payable under such Receivables Contract upon the delivery and acceptance of In-Transit Collateral pursuant to such Receivables Contract; provided
 however
 that the term Receivable shall exclude any indebtedness or other obligations owed or that become payable to (i)&#160;an Originator by an affiliate of an Originator that is 100% owned
 directly or indirectly
 by an Originator or a Receivables Entity or (ii)&#160;Farmland Foods
 Inc. or The Smithfield Packing Company Incorporated by Smithfield of Canada
 means
 with respect to any Receivable
 any and all instruments
 agreements
 means
(a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;all of the applicable Originator's interest in the inventory and goods (including returned or repossessed inventory or goods and any In-Transit Collateral)
 if any
 the sale
 financing or lease of which by such Originator gave
 or in the case of In-Transit Collateral
 will give
 rise to such Receivable
 and all insurance contracts with respect thereto
(b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;all other security interests or liens and property subject thereto from time to time
 if any
 purporting to secure payment of such Receivable
 whether pursuant to the contract related to such Receivable or otherwise
 together with all financing statements and security agreements describing any collateral securing such Receivable
(c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;all guaranties
 letters of credit
 insurance and other agreements or arrangements of whatever character from time to time supporting or securing payment of such Receivable whether pursuant to the contract related to such Receivable or otherwise
(d)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;all service contracts and other contracts and agreements associated with such Receivable
(e)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;all records related to such Receivable
(f)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;all of the applicable Originator's right
 title and interest in each lock-box and each collection account into which the proceeds of the Receivable are paid or deposited
.  Commencing with the fiscal quarter ending on or about January 27
 2013
 and as of each fiscal quarter thereafter
 the Consolidated Coverage Ratio shall not be less than 1.75 to 1.00.  In addition
 at all times that any Indebtedness is outstanding which was issued in reliance on the permissions contained in
 and which contains encumbrances and restrictions permitted by
 
 the Borrower agrees to comply with Sections&#160;6.13
 6.14 and 6.15 of the ABL Credit Facility
 as those Sections exist as of January 31
 2013 and without giving effect to any amendment or other modification thereof unless amended or otherwise modified with the consent of the Required Lenders (and if any Lender is also party to the ABL Credit Facility
The Administrative Agent shall have received true
 correct and complete copies of the documents relating to the Qualified Receivables Transaction which are being executed concurrently herewith
Ratifications
.  The terms and provisions set forth in this Amendment shall modify and supersede all inconsistent terms and provisions set forth in the Agreement and except as expressly modified and superseded pursuant to Article&#160;2 of this Amendment
 the terms and provisions of the Agreement and the other Loan Documents are ratified and confirmed and shall continue in full force and effect.  Each Obligor
 the Administrative Agent
 and the Lender agree that the Agreement as amended hereby and the other Loan Documents shall continue to be legal
 valid
.  Each Obligor represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lender as follows:  (a)&#160;after giving effect to this Amendment
 no Default nor any Event of Default exists; and (b)&#160;after giving effect to this Amendment
 the representations and warranties set forth in the Agreement (other than the representations and warranties contained in Section&#160;3.04 (c) and the first sentence of Section&#160;3.11 of the Agreement) are true and correct on and as of the date hereof with the same effect as though made on and as of such date except with respect to any representations and warranties limited by their terms to a specific date. IN ADDITION
 TO INDUCE THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE LENDER TO AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AMENDMENT
.  WAIVES ANY AND ALL SUCH CLAIMS
 OFFSETS
 RIGHTS OF RECOUPMENT
 DEFENSES OR COUNTERCLAIMS
 WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN
.  RELEASES AND DISCHARGES THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE LENDER
 AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS
 DIRECTORS
 EMPLOYEES
 AGENTS
 SHAREHOLDERS
) FROM ANY AND ALL OBLIGATIONS
 INDEBTEDNESS
 LIABILITIES
 CLAIMS
 RIGHTS
 CAUSES OF ACTION OR DEMANDS WHATSOEVER
 WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN
 SUSPECTED OR UNSUSPECTED
 IN LAW OR EQUITY
 WHICH ANY OBLIGOR EVER HAD
 NOW HAS
.  All representations and warranties made in this Amendment or any other Loan Document including any Loan Document furnished in connection with this Amendment shall survive the execution and delivery of this Amendment and the other Loan Documents
.  Upon and after the effectiveness of Article&#160;2 of this Amendment
 each reference to the Agreement in each of the Loan Documents
 including the Agreement and any and all other agreements
 documents
 or instruments now or hereafter executed and delivered pursuant to the terms hereof or pursuant to the terms of the Agreement as amended hereby
.  As provided in Section&#160;10.03 of the Agreement
 the Borrower agrees to pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation
 negotiation
 and execution of this Amendment and the other Loan Documents executed pursuant hereto
 including without limitation
.  This Amendment and all other Loan Documents executed pursuant hereto shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York
 other than those conflict of law provisions that would defer to the substantive laws of another jurisdiction.  This governing law election has been made by the parties in reliance (at least in part) on Section&#160;5&#8211;1401 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York
 as amended (as and to the extent applicable)
.  This Amendment is binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Administrative Agent
 Lender
 each Obligor
 and their respective successors and permitted assigns
.  This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts and on telecopy or other electronically reproduced counterparts
 each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original
.  No consent or waiver
 express or implied
 by Administrative Agent or any Lender to or for any breach of or deviation from any covenant
 condition or duty hereunder by the Borrower or any other Obligor shall be deemed a consent or waiver to or of any other breach of the same or any other covenant
.  The headings
 captions
.  This Amendment and all other instruments
 documents and agreements executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment embody the final
 entire agreement among the parties hereto and supersede any and all prior commitments
 agreements
 representations and understandings
 whether written or oral
 relating to this Amendment
 and may not be contradicted or varied by evidence of prior
Smithfield Foods
 Inc.
RAIFFEISEN-BOERENLEENBANK B.A.
RABOBANK NEDERLAND
YORK BRANCH
 as Administrative Agent and Lender














		


)
 dated as of January 31
 2013
 among CO&#214;PERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN&#8211;BOERENLEENBANK B.A.
 RABOBANK NEDERLAND
 NEW YORK BRANCH (as assignee of JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.)
 as Administrative Agent (in such capacity
 with its successors and assigns
 and as more specifically defined in the Intercreditor Agreement identified below
) for the ABL Secured Parties (as defined in such Intercreditor Agreement)
)
 CO&#214;PERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN&#8211;BOERENLEENBANK B.A.
 RABOBANK NEDERLAND
 NEW YORK BRANCH
 as Administrative Agent (in such capacity
 with its successors and assigns
 and as more specifically defined in such Intercreditor Agreement
The ABL Representative
 Receivables Buyer
 Receivables Agent
 the Loan Parties and U.S. Bank National Association
 as collateral agent (in such capacity
) have entered into that certain Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement dated as of June 9
 2011 (as the same has been modified
Pursuant to a letter agreement dated August 31
 2012 from the Term Debt Representative
 the Receivables Buyer and the Loan Parties to the ABL Representative and Receivables Agent
 the ABL Representative and the Receivables Agent were notified that the Term Debt Liens had been released and that the Term Debt Obligations Payment Date shall have been deemed to have occurred.  As a result
The ABL Representative
 Receivables Buyer
NOW
 THEREFORE
 in consideration of the premises herein contained and other good and valuable consideration
 the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged
.  Capitalized terms used in this Amendment
 to the extent not otherwise defined herein
 shall have the same meanings as in the Intercreditor Agreement
 means (i) all indebtedness and other obligations owed to an Originator (at the times it arises
 and before giving effect to any transfer or conveyance under the Receivables Sale Agreement) (including any indebtedness
 obligation or interest constituting an Account
 Chattel Paper
 Instrument or General Intangible) arising in connection with the sale of goods or the rendering of services by such Originator and further includes
 without limitation or in addition
 the obligation of an account debtor to pay any finance charge
 interest
 late payment charges or similar charges with respect thereto and (ii)&#160;all rights of an Originator under a Receivables Contract to collect or receive amounts that become due and payable under such Receivables Contract upon the delivery and acceptance of In-Transit Collateral pursuant to such Receivables Contract; provided
 however
 that the term Receivable shall exclude any indebtedness or other obligations owed or that become payable to (i)&#160;an Originator by an affiliate of an Originator that is 100% owned
 directly or indirectly
 by an Originator or the Receivables Buyer or (ii)&#160;Farmland Foods
 Inc. or The Smithfield Packing Company Incorporated by Smithfield of Canada
Indebtedness and other rights and obligations arising from any one transaction
 including
 without limitation
 indebtedness and other rights and obligations represented by an individual invoice
 shall constitute a Receivable separate from a Receivable consisting of the indebtedness and other rights and obligations arising from any other transaction; provided
 further
 that any indebtedness
 rights or obligations referred to in the immediately preceding sentence shall be a Receivable regardless of whether the account debtor or such Originator treats such indebtedness
 means
(a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;all of the applicable Originator's interest in the Inventory and Goods (including returned or repossessed Inventory or Goods and any In-Transit Collateral)
 if any
 the sale
 financing or lease of which by such Originator gave
 or in the case of In-Transit Collateral
 will give
 rise to such Receivable
 and all insurance contracts with respect thereto
(b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;all other security interests or liens and property subject thereto from time to time
 if any
 purporting to secure payment of such Receivable
 whether pursuant to the Receivables Contract related to such Receivable or otherwise
 together with all financing statements and security agreements describing any collateral securing such Receivable
(c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;all guaranties
 letters of credit
 insurance and other agreements or arrangements of whatever character from time to time supporting or securing payment of such Receivable whether pursuant to the Receivables Contract related to such Receivable or otherwise
(d)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;all service contracts and other contracts and agreements associated with such Receivable
(e)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;all Receivables Records related to such Receivable
(f)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;all of the applicable Originator's right
 title and interest in each Receivables Lock-Box and each Receivables Collection Account
First Amendment to Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement
 means
 as of any date of determination
 any Inventory of an Originator that (a) is in the process of being transported by such Originator to an account debtor pursuant to a Receivables Contract that is then expected to be delivered within five (5) or fewer calendar days
 (b) is covered by insurance in accordance with the applicable Originator's normal business practices
 and (c) upon its receipt and acceptance by such account debtor
.  The terms and provisions set forth in this Amendment shall modify and supersede all inconsistent terms and provisions set forth in the Intercreditor Agreement and except as expressly modified and superseded by this Amendment
 the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement are ratified and confirmed and shall continue in full force and effect.  The parties hereto agree that the Intercreditor Agreement as amended hereby shall continue to be legal
 valid
.  THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK
.  This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each of the parties hereto and each of the Secured Parties and their respective successors and assigns
 and nothing herein is intended
 or shall be construed to give
 any other Person any right
 remedy or claim under
.  Section headings used herein are for convenience of reference only
 are not part of this Amendment and shall not affect the construction of
 or be taken into consideration in interpreting
&#32;&#32;Any provision of this Amendment held to be invalid
 illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall
 as to such jurisdiction
 be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity
 illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity
.  This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts)
 each of which shall constitute an original
First Amendment to Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement
.  No consent or waiver
 express or implied
 by any party to or for any breach of or deviation from any covenant
 condition or duty by any other party shall be deemed a consent or waiver to or of any other breach of the same or any other covenant
.  This Amendment embodies the final
 entire agreement among the parties hereto and supersede any and all prior commitments
 agreements
 representations and understandings
 whether written or oral
 relating to this Amendment
 and may not be contradicted or varied by evidence of prior
CO&#214;PERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN&#8211;BOERENLEENBANK B.A.
 RABOBANK NEDERLAND
 NEW YORK BRANCH (as assignee of JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.)
CO&#214;PERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN&#8211;BOERENLEENBANK B.A.
 RABOBANK NEDERLAND
 NEW YORK BRANCH
First Amendment to Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement
SMITHFIELD RECEIVABLES FUNDING
 LLC
By:  SFFC
 Inc.
Smithfield Foods
.
 a Virginia corporation
 a North Carolina general partnership
 a North Carolina general partnership 
Murphy-Brown
 LLC
 as a general partner of each
Farmland Foods
.
.
 a Delaware corporation
Murphy Farms of Texhoma
 Inc.
Patrick Cudahy
 LLC
Premium Pet Health
 LLC
Premium Standard Farms
 LLC
  a Delaware limited liability company
The Smithfield Packing Company
 Incorporated
  a Delaware corporation
Smithfield Transportation Co.
.
Stefano Foods
 Inc.
SFRMH Liquidation
(f/k/a RMH Foods
 Inc.)
First Amendment to Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement
Jonmor Investments
.
Patcud Investments
.
SFFC
 INC.
SF Investments
 Inc.
First Amendment to Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement
 Page 














		


THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
 dated as of January 31
)
 is among SMITHFIELD FOODS
 INC.
)
 the subsidiary guarantors party hereto
 the banks and other lending institutions party hereto
 and CO&#214;PERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN-BOERENLEENBANK B.A. RABOBANK NEDERLAND
 NEW YORK BRANCH
 as administrative agent (in such capacity
The Company
 certain of its subsidiaries as guarantors
 certain of the banks and other lending institutions party thereto and the Administrative Agent have entered into that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of June 9
 2011 (as the same may hereafter be amended or otherwise modified
CoBank
 ACB signed a Consent Letter dated July 18
 2012 that was executed pursuant to the Agreement on its own behalf but also as assignee of U.S. AgBank
 FCB but no assignment was consummated so that statement was incorrect.  Effective January 1
 2012
 U.S. AgBank
 FCB merged with and into CoBank
 FCB (not CoBank
 ACB) so CoBank
 ACB and CoBank
Morgan Stanley Bank
 N.A. assigned a portion of its commitments under the Agreement to AgFirst Farm Credit Bank and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding
 Inc. assigned all of its commitments under the Agreement to AgFirst Farm Credit Bank.  As a result
 Morgan Stanley Senior Funding
NOW
 THEREFORE
 in consideration of the premises herein contained and other good and valuable consideration
 the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged
.  Capitalized terms used in this Amendment
 to the extent not otherwise defined herein
 shall have the same meanings as in the Agreement
 has the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement and includes Receivables (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) for purposes of the following provisions of this Agreement: clause (f) of the definition of the term Borrowing Base
 clause (viii) of the definition of the term Consolidated Funded Debt
 clauses (b)(ii)(B) and (bb) of the definition of the term Eligible Accounts
 clause (b)(iii)(A)(2) of the definition of the term Eligible Inventory
 clause (a) of the definition of the term Off-Balance Sheet Liability
 the definition of the term Receivables Entity
 the last sentence of the definition of the term Reserves
)
Investments
 Loans
 Advances
)
)
)
)
)
 means that certain Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement dated as of the Effective Date among the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties
 the trustee under the Senior Secured Notes Documents on behalf of the holders of the Senior Secured Notes
 the lenders under the Rabobank Nederland Facility
 Smithfield Receivables Funding LLC (a Receivable Entity) and Rabobank Nederland as the administrative agent for the lender under the Receivables Securitization as the same has been modified pursuant to that certain letter agreement dated August 31
 2012 and that certain First Amendment to Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement dated as of January 31
 means any transaction or series of transactions that may be entered into by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries may sell
 convey or otherwise transfer to (i) a Receivables Entity (in the case of a transfer by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) and (ii) any other Person (in the case of a transfer by a Receivables Entity)
 or may grant a security interest in
 any Accounts (whether now existing or arising in the future) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
 any other Receivables (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) and any assets related thereto including
 without limitation
 all collateral securing such Accounts and other Receivables
 all contracts and all guarantees or other obligations in respect of such Accounts and other Receivables
 proceeds of such Accounts
 other Receivables and other assets which are customarily transferred or in respect of which security interests are customarily granted in connection with asset securitization transactions involving Accounts and other Receivables
 means Farmland Foods
 Inc. a Delaware corporation
 The Smithfield Packing Company
 Incorporated
 a Delaware corporation
 Smithfield Global Products
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 John Morrell &amp; Co.
 a Delaware corporation
 Armour-Eckrich Meats LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company
 Premium Pet Health
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company
 Patrick Cudahy
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company
 Smithfield of Canada
 Ltd
 means the sale of the Accounts and other Receivables (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) of the Receivables Originators to Smithfield Receivables Funding LLC (a Receivable Entity) in a Qualified Receivables Transaction that is financed pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement dated as of January 31
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
among Rabobank Nederland as the administrative agent
 Smithfield Receivables Funding LLC
 the Company
 Nieuw Amsterdam Receivables Corporation
Amendment to Section 6.04 (Investments
 Loans
 Advances
Investments
 Loans
 Advances
.  Investments by the Company and its Subsidiaries in their respective Restricted Subsidiaries
(ii)&#160;the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions and conditions of the type imposed by the Prior European Facility
 restrictions and conditions existing on January 31
 2013 under the Receivables Securitization
 or
 with respect to any Person that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary after the date hereof
 existing prior to such date
 provided such restrictions were not imposed in contemplation of such Subsidiary becoming a Restricted Subsidiary (but shall apply to any extension or renewal of
 or any amendment or modification expanding the scope of
(B) to the extent such Indebtedness is unsecured
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
The Administrative Agent shall have received true
 correct and complete copies of the Receivables Securitization documents which are being executed concurrently herewith
Ratifications
.  The terms and provisions set forth in this Amendment shall modify and supersede all inconsistent terms and provisions set forth in the Agreement and except as expressly modified and superseded pursuant to Article&#160;2 of this Amendment
 the terms and provisions of the Agreement and the other Loan Documents are ratified and confirmed and shall continue in full force and effect.  Each Loan Party
 the Administrative Agent
 and the Lenders party hereto agree that the Agreement as amended hereby and the other Loan Documents shall continue to be legal
 valid
.  Each Loan Party represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as follows:  (a)&#160;after giving effect to this Amendment
 no Default exists; and (b)&#160;after giving effect to this Amendment
 the representations and warranties set forth in the Agreement are true and correct on and as of the date hereof with the same effect as though made on and as of such date except with respect to any representations and warranties limited by their terms to a specific date. IN ADDITION
 TO INDUCE THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE LENDERS TO AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AMENDMENT
.  WAIVES ANY AND ALL SUCH CLAIMS
 OFFSETS
 RIGHTS OF RECOUPMENT
 DEFENSES OR COUNTERCLAIMS
 WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN
.  RELEASES AND DISCHARGES THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE LENDERS
 AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS
 DIRECTORS
 EMPLOYEES
 AGENTS
 SHAREHOLDERS
) FROM ANY AND ALL OBLIGATIONS
 INDEBTEDNESS
 LIABILITIES
 CLAIMS
 RIGHTS
 CAUSES OF ACTION OR DEMANDS WHATSOEVER
 WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN
 SUSPECTED OR UNSUSPECTED
 IN LAW OR EQUITY
 WHICH ANY LOAN PARTY EVER HAD
 NOW HAS
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
.  All representations and warranties made in this Amendment or any other Loan Document including any Loan Document furnished in connection with this Amendment shall survive the execution and delivery of this Amendment and the other Loan Documents
.  Upon and after the effectiveness of Article&#160;2 of this Amendment
 each reference to the Agreement in each of the Loan Documents
 including the Agreement and any and all other agreements
 documents
 or instruments now or hereafter executed and delivered pursuant to the terms hereof or pursuant to the terms of the Agreement as amended hereby
.  As provided in Section&#160;9.03 of the Agreement
 the Company agrees to pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation
 negotiation
 and execution of this Amendment and the other Loan Documents executed pursuant hereto
 including without limitation
.  This Amendment and all other Loan Documents executed pursuant hereto shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York
 other than those conflict of law provisions that would defer to the substantive laws of another jurisdiction.  This governing law election has been made by the parties in reliance (at least in part) on Section&#160;5&#8211;1401 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York
 as amended (as and to the extent applicable)
.  This Amendment is binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Administrative Agent
 each Lender
 each Loan Party
 and their respective successors and permitted assigns
.  This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts and on telecopy or other electronically reproduced counterparts
 each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original
.  No consent or waiver
 express or implied
 by Administrative Agent or any Lender to or for any breach of or deviation from any covenant
 condition or duty hereunder by the Company or any other Loan Party shall be deemed a consent or waiver to or of any other breach of the same or any other covenant
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
.  The headings
 captions
.  This Amendment and all other instruments
 documents and agreements executed and delivered in connection with this Amendment embody the final
 entire agreement among the parties hereto and supersede any and all prior commitments
 agreements
 representations and understandings
 whether written or oral
 relating to this Amendment
 and may not be contradicted or varied by evidence of prior
) of the Agreement
 the Agreement may be modified as provided in this Amendment with the agreement of the Required Lenders which means Lenders having Credit Exposures and unused Commitments representing more than 50% of the Aggregate Credit Exposures and unused Commitments (such percentage applicable to a Lender
).  For purposes of determining the effectiveness of this Amendment
Smithfield Foods
 Inc.
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
 Page 6
 a North Carolina general partnership
 a North Carolina general partnership 
Murphy-Brown
 LLC
 as a general partner of each
Farmland Foods
.
.
 a Delaware corporation
Murphy Farms of Texhoma
 Inc.
Patrick Cudahy
 LLC
Premium Pet Health
 LLC
Premium Standard Farms
 LLC
  a Delaware limited liability company
The Smithfield Packing Company
 Incorporated
  a Delaware corporation
Smithfield Transportation Co.
.
Stefano Foods
 Inc.
SFRMH Liquidation
(f/k/a RMH Foods
 Inc.)
Jonmor Investments
.
Patcud Investments
.
SFFC
 INC.
SF Investments
 Inc.
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
RAIFFEISEN-BOERENLEENBANK B.A.
RABOBANK NEDERLAND
YORK BRANCH
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK
.
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
 Page 9
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
 Page 10
&#32;/s/ John W. Burnside
Name: John W. Burnside
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
 Page 11
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
 Page 12
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
MORGAN STANLEY BANK
 N.A.
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
COBANK
 ACB
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
 Page 15
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
 Page 16
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
AGSTAR FINANCIAL SERVICES
 PCA
Donald Lindeman
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
NORTHWEST FARM CREDIT SERVICES
 PCA
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
BANK OF AMERICA
 N.A.
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
UNITED FCS
 PCA D/B/A FCS COMMERCIAL FINANCE GROUP
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
FARM CREDIT SERVICES OF MID-AMERICA
 PCA
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
 Page 22
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
 Page 23
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
 Page 24
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
 Page 25
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
FARM CREDIT SERVICES OF AMERICA
 PCA
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
CREDIT SUISSE AG
 CAYMAN ISLANDS BRANCH
Name: Christopher Reo Day
Title: Vice President
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
AMERICAN AGCREDIT
(successor by merger to Farm Credit Services of the Mountain Plains
 PCA)
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
&#32;FARM CREDIT SERVICES
 PCA
Title: Vice President
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
GREENSTONE FARM CREDIT SERVICES
 ACA/FLCA
&#32;/s/ Alfred S. Compton
Name: Alfred S. Compton
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
FARM CREDIT WEST
 PCA
Ben Madonna
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
FCS FINANCIAL
 PCA
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
 Page 33
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
COBANK
(successor in interest by merger to U.S. AgBank
 FCB)
FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
Smithfield Foods
Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A. Rabobank Nederland
Morgan Stanley Bank
CoBank
JPMorgan Chase Bank
AgStar Financial Services
Northwest Farm Credit Services
Bank of America
United FCS
Farm Credit Services of Mid-America
Farm Credit Services of America
Credit Suisse AG
American AgCredit
1st Farm Credit Services
GreenStone Farm Credit Services
Farm Credit West
CoBank
FCS Financial
Schedule 5.11 to FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
Schedule 5.11 to FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
)
 dated as of January 31
 2013
 among CO&#214;PERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN&#8211;BOERENLEENBANK B.A.
 RABOBANK NEDERLAND
 NEW YORK BRANCH (as assignee of JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.)
 as Administrative Agent (in such capacity
 with its successors and assigns
 and as more specifically defined in the Intercreditor Agreement identified below
) for the ABL Secured Parties (as defined in such Intercreditor Agreement)
)
 CO&#214;PERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN&#8211;BOERENLEENBANK B.A.
 RABOBANK NEDERLAND
 NEW YORK BRANCH
 as Administrative Agent (in such capacity
 with its successors and assigns
 and as more specifically defined in such Intercreditor Agreement
The ABL Representative
 Receivables Buyer
 Receivables Agent
 the Loan Parties and U.S. Bank National Association
 as collateral agent (in such capacity
) have entered into that certain Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement dated as of June 9
 2011 (as the same has been modified
Pursuant to a letter agreement dated August 31
 2012 from the Term Debt Representative
 the Receivables Buyer and the Loan Parties to the ABL Representative and Receivables Agent
 the ABL Representative and the Receivables Agent were notified that the Term Debt Liens had been released and that the Term Debt Obligations Payment Date shall have been deemed to have occurred.  As a result
The ABL Representative
 Receivables Buyer
NOW
 THEREFORE
 in consideration of the premises herein contained and other good and valuable consideration
 the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged
.  Capitalized terms used in this Amendment
 to the extent not otherwise defined herein
 shall have the same meanings as in the Intercreditor Agreement
First Amendment to Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement
 means (i) all indebtedness and other obligations owed to an Originator (at the times it arises
 and before giving effect to any transfer or conveyance under the Receivables Sale Agreement) (including any indebtedness
 obligation or interest constituting an Account
 Chattel Paper
 Instrument or General Intangible) arising in connection with the sale of goods or the rendering of services by such Originator and further includes
 without limitation or in addition
 the obligation of an account debtor to pay any finance charge
 interest
 late payment charges or similar charges with respect thereto and (ii)&#160;all rights of an Originator under a Receivables Contract to collect or receive amounts that become due and payable under such Receivables Contract upon the delivery and acceptance of In-Transit Collateral pursuant to such Receivables Contract; provided
 however
 that the term Receivable shall exclude any indebtedness or other obligations owed or that become payable to (i)&#160;an Originator by an affiliate of an Originator that is 100% owned
 directly or indirectly
 by an Originator or the Receivables Buyer or (ii)&#160;Farmland Foods
 Inc. or The Smithfield Packing Company Incorporated by Smithfield of Canada
 Ltd.  Indebtedness and other rights and obligations arising from any one transaction
 including
 without limitation
 indebtedness and other rights and obligations represented by an individual invoice
 shall constitute a Receivable separate from a Receivable consisting of the indebtedness and other rights and obligations arising from any other transaction; provided
 further
 that any indebtedness
 rights or obligations referred to in the immediately preceding sentence shall be a Receivable regardless of whether the account debtor or such Originator treats such indebtedness
 means
(a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;all of the applicable Originator's interest in the Inventory and Goods (including returned or repossessed Inventory or Goods and any In-Transit Collateral)
 if any
 the sale
 financing or lease of which by such Originator gave
 or in the case of In-Transit Collateral
 will give
 rise to such Receivable
 and all insurance contracts with respect thereto
(b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;all other security interests or liens and property subject thereto from time to time
 if any
 purporting to secure payment of such Receivable
 whether pursuant to the Receivables Contract related to such Receivable or otherwise
 together with all financing statements and security agreements describing any collateral securing such Receivable
(c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;all guaranties
 letters of credit
 insurance and other agreements or arrangements of whatever character from time to time supporting or securing payment of such Receivable whether pursuant to the Receivables Contract related to such Receivable or otherwise
(d)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;all service contracts and other contracts and agreements associated with such Receivable
(e)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;all Receivables Records related to such Receivable
First Amendment to Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement
(f)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;all of the applicable Originator's right
 title and interest in each Receivables Lock-Box and each Receivables Collection Account
 means
 as of any date of determination
 any Inventory of an Originator that (a) is in the process of being transported by such Originator to an account debtor pursuant to a Receivables Contract that is then expected to be delivered within five (5) or fewer calendar days
 (b) is covered by insurance in accordance with the applicable Originator's normal business practices
 and (c) upon its receipt and acceptance by such account debtor
.  The terms and provisions set forth in this Amendment shall modify and supersede all inconsistent terms and provisions set forth in the Intercreditor Agreement and except as expressly modified and superseded by this Amendment
 the terms and provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement are ratified and confirmed and shall continue in full force and effect.  The parties hereto agree that the Intercreditor Agreement as amended hereby shall continue to be legal
 valid
.  THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK
.  This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each of the parties hereto and each of the Secured Parties and their respective successors and assigns
 and nothing herein is intended
 or shall be construed to give
 any other Person any right
 remedy or claim under
.  Section headings used herein are for convenience of reference only
 are not part of this Amendment and shall not affect the construction of
 or be taken into consideration in interpreting
&#32;&#32;Any provision of this Amendment held to be invalid
 illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall
 as to such jurisdiction
 be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity
 illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity
First Amendment to Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement
.  This Amendment may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts)
 each of which shall constitute an original
.  No consent or waiver
 express or implied
 by any party to or for any breach of or deviation from any covenant
 condition or duty by any other party shall be deemed a consent or waiver to or of any other breach of the same or any other covenant
.  This Amendment embodies the final
 entire agreement among the parties hereto and supersede any and all prior commitments
 agreements
 representations and understandings
 whether written or oral
 relating to this Amendment
 and may not be contradicted or varied by evidence of prior
CO&#214;PERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN&#8211;BOERENLEENBANK B.A.
 RABOBANK NEDERLAND
 NEW YORK BRANCH (as assignee of JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.)
CO&#214;PERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN&#8211;BOERENLEENBANK B.A.
 RABOBANK NEDERLAND
 NEW YORK BRANCH
First Amendment to Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement
SMITHFIELD RECEIVABLES FUNDING
 LLC
By:  SFFC
 Inc.
Smithfield Foods
.
 a Virginia corporation
 a North Carolina general partnership
 a North Carolina general partnership 
Murphy-Brown
 LLC
 as a general partner of each
Farmland Foods
.
.
 a Delaware corporation
Murphy Farms of Texhoma
 Inc.
Patrick Cudahy
 LLC
Premium Pet Health
 LLC
Premium Standard Farms
 LLC
  a Delaware limited liability company
The Smithfield Packing Company
 Incorporated
  a Delaware corporation
Smithfield Transportation Co.
.
Stefano Foods
 Inc.
SFRMH Liquidation
(f/k/a RMH Foods
 Inc.)
First Amendment to Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement
Jonmor Investments
.
Patcud Investments
.
SFFC
 INC.
SF Investments
 Inc.
First Amendment to Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement
 Page 6














		


Dated as of January 31
SMITHFIELD FOODS
 INC.
SFFC
 INC.
FARMLAND FOODS
 INC.
 SMITHFIELD OF CANADA
 LTD.
 THE SMITHFIELD PACKING COMPANY
 INCORPORATED
 PATRICK CUDAHY
 LLC
 PREMIUM PET HEALTH
 LLC
 JOHN MORRELL &amp; CO.
 SMITHFIELD GLOBAL PRODUCTS
 INC.
AND ARMOUR-ECKRICH MEATS LLC
AS ORIGINATORS
SMITHFIELD RECEIVABLES FUNDING LLC
Payments and Computations
 Etc..............................................7
 dated as of January 31
 2013
(a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Smithfield Foods
 Inc.
(b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;SFFC
 Inc.
(c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;each of Farmland Foods
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 The Smithfield Packing Company
 Incorporated
 a Delaware corporation
 Premium Pet Health
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company
 Patrick Cudahy
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company
 John Morrell &amp; Co.
 a Delaware corporation
 Smithfield Global Products
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 Armour-Eckrich Meats LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company
 and Smithfield of Canada
 Ltd.
 a company incorporated under the laws of Canada
 and such other Originators that may become party to this Agreement with the consent of the Administrative Agent (each
 unless excluded from this Agreement as an Excluded Originator in accordance herewith
(d)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Smithfield Receivables Funding LLC
)
and amends and restates in its entirety that certain Receivables Sale Agreement dated as of June 9
 2011
 by and among Smithfield
 SFFC
 the US Originators and Buyer (as amended prior to the date hereof
Unless defined elsewhere herein
WHEREAS
 each of the Originators acquires and originates
 or will acquire and originate
 from time to time
WHEREAS
 the Originators wish to sell
 contribute or otherwise convey the Receivables
 Related Security and associated Collections to the Buyer
 from time to time
 and the Buyer is willing to purchase or otherwise acquire Receivables
 Related Security and associated Collections from the Originators
WHEREAS
 each of the Originators
 SFFC and Buyer intend the conveyance of Receivables contemplated hereby to be true sales or contributions of the applicable Receivables to Buyer by each such Originator or SFFC
 as the case may be
 providing Buyer with the full benefits of ownership of such Receivables and Related Security
 and none of the Originators
 SFFC and Buyer intends such conveyances to be
 or for any purpose to be characterized as
 loans from Buyer to such Originator or SFFC
WHEREAS
 the Originators and Buyer acknowledge that a lien and security interest in the Receivables and the Related Security and associated Collections sold
otherwise conveyed by the Originators to Buyer hereunder
 together with the Buyer&#8217;s rights and interests under the Performance Undertaking
 will be granted and assigned by Buyer pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement dated as of January 31
 2013 (as amended
 restated and/or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof
) among Buyer
 Smithfield
 as initial Servicer
 each of the lenders and co-agents from time to time party thereto and Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
 New York Branch
 as administrative agent (in such last capacity
NOW
 THEREFORE
 in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration
 the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged
.  (a)  None of the Originators shall have any obligation to contribute or sell
 and Buyer shall have no obligation to accept or purchase
 any of the Receivables
 Related Security or associated Collections until the applicable Commencement Date (as defined herein) occurs.  The obligation of Smithfield
 SFFC
 and the Originators to sell
 contribute
Smithfield agrees to contribute
 assign
 transfer
 set-over and otherwise convey to SFFC
 and SFFC agrees to accept from Smithfield
SFFC agrees to contribute
 assign
 transfer
 set-over and otherwise convey to Buyer
 and Buyer agrees to accept from SFFC
&#32;constitute an outright assignment of the Aggregate Initial Contributed Assets
 which assignments are absolute and irrevocable and which assignments collectively provide Buyer
Sections 1.1(a)(ii)
 (iii)
 and (iv)
The transfer to Smithfield of Initial Contributed Assets by each US Originator is made without recourse to such US Originator
 and the contribution of the Aggregate Initial Contributed Assets by Smithfield to SFFC
 and by SFFC to Buyer
 is made without recourse to Smithfield or SFFC
provided
 however
 that (i) each US Originator remains liable to Smithfield for all representations
 warranties
 covenants and indemnities made by such US Originator hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents to which such US Originator is party
 (ii) Smithfield remains liable to SFFC for all representations
 warranties
 covenants and indemnities made by Smithfield hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents to which Smithfield is party; (iii) SFFC remains liable to Buyer for all representations
 warranties
 covenants and indemnities made by SFFC hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents to which SFFC is party
 and (iv) such transfer and contribution do not constitute
 and will not
 and are not intended to
 result in
 an assumption by Buyer of any obligation of such US Originator or any other Person arising in connection with the Initial Contributed Assets or any other obligations of such US Originator.   Each of the US Originators
 Smithfield and SFFC agrees that it has marked
 or will mark within thirty (30) days of the Commencement Date
&#32;its master data processing records relating to the Initial Contributed Assets originated (or
 in the case of Smithfield or SFFC
 contributed) by it with a legend acceptable to Buyer and to the Administrative Agent
 evidencing that Buyer acquired the Aggregate Initial Contributed Assets and to note in its financial statements that the Initial Contributed Assets have been transferred to Smithfield and that the Aggregate Initial Contributed Assets have been contributed to SFFC&#8217;s capital and subsequently Buyer&#8217;s capital.   Upon the request of Buyer or the Administrative Agent
 each of the US Originators
 and each of Smithfield and SFFC
 will execute and file such financing or continuation statements
 or amendments thereto or assignments thereof
 and such other instruments or notices
On the first Settlement Date following the Commencement Date relating to the US Originators
 the exact amounts of the Outstanding Balances of the Initial Contributed Assets and the Initial Purchased Assets for each US Originator shall be determined
 based on information provided to Buyer and Servicer by each US Originator
 in the following manner.  With respect to each US Originator
listed in descending order of Outstanding Balance
 with the Receivable having the largest Outstanding Balance listed first.  Such list will then be divided into two portions in descending order
 with the portion including the Receivables from the largest Outstanding Balance to and including the Receivable that causes the total Outstanding Balance of such portion to equal or exceed the amount specified in the Transfer Notice as the amount of Initial Contributed Assets for such US Originator being designated as the Initial Contributed Assets of such US Originator
On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein
 each of the Originators hereby sells
 assigns
 transfers
 sets-over and otherwise conveys to Buyer on the applicable Commencement Date
 without recourse (except to the extent expressly provided herein)
 and Buyer hereby purchases from each of the Originators on the applicable Commencement Date
 all of each Originator&#8217;s right
 title and interest
 in
Prior to the commencement of each Calculation Period
 each Originator shall prepare and deliver to Buyer a report (each
) setting forth its good faith estimate of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables that
 together with all Related Security and Collections relating thereto
On each Purchase Date until and including the applicable Termination Date
 each Receivable (other than any Excluded Receivable)
 together with all Related Security and Collections relating thereto existing at the opening of the applicable Originator&#8217;s business on such Purchase Date
 shall be hereby be
be deemed to have been
 sold
 assigned
 transferred
 set-over and otherwise conveyed to Buyer
) Business Day following the end of the fiscal month in which the applicable Commencement Date occurs
) Business Day following the end of each fiscal month thereafter
 each Originator shall (or shall cause Smithfield
 as Servicer
) with respect to the actual aggregate Outstanding Balance of the Receivables sold by such Originator to Buyer during the Calculation Period then most recently ended.  In addition to
 and not in limitation of
 the foregoing
 in connection with the payment of the Purchase Price for any Receivables purchased hereunder
 Buyer may request that the applicable Originator deliver
shall deliver
 such approvals
 opinions
&#32;shall constitute a sale
 which sale is absolute and irrevocable and provides Buyer with the full benefits of ownership of such Receivables.  Except for the Purchase Price Credits owed by such Originator pursuant to 
provided
 however
 that (i) such Originator shall be liable to Buyer for all representations
 warranties
 covenants and indemnities made by such Originator pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents to which such Originator is a party
 and (ii) such sale does not constitute and is not intended to result in an assumption by Buyer of any obligation of such Originator or any other Person arising in connection with such Receivables
&#32;shall constitute a sale of such Receivables rather than loans secured thereby
 each Originator agrees that it has marked (or will
 on or prior to the date hereof and in accordance with 
 mark) its master data processing records relating to the Receivables originated by it with a legend acceptable to Buyer and to the Administrative Agent
 evidencing that Buyer has purchased such Receivables and to note in its financial statements that its Receivables have been sold to Buyer.   Upon the request of Buyer or the Administrative Agent
 each Originator will execute and file such financing or continuation statements
 or amendments thereto
 financing change statements or assignments thereof
 and such other instruments or notices
&#32;and the Related Security and Collections with respect thereto
On each Purchase Date
&#8221;) on such Purchase Date shall be an amount equal to the product of (x) the estimated Outstanding Balance of such Receivables on the applicable Purchase Date indicated in the Estimated Sales Report for the Calculation Period within which such Purchase Date occurs
in accordance with the applicable Estimated Sales Report shall be reconciled on the applicable Settlement Date based on the information contained in the applicable Purchase Report
by wire transfer of immediately available funds to such Originator on such Purchase Date or Settlement Date
 as applicable
 to the extent that Buyer has funds available for such purpose after satisfying Buyer&#8217;s obligations under the Credit and Security Agreement that are then due and payable
at the request of one or more US Originators
 by causing the Letter of Credit Issuer to issue a Letter of Credit
 subject to the terms and conditions (including any limitations therein on the amount of any such issuance) for issuing Letters of Credit under the Credit and Security Agreement
 in favor of one or more beneficiaries selected by the applicable US Originator(s) in the stated amount requested by such US Originator(s) (or
 if applicable and permitted by the Credit and Security Agreement
 by causing the expiration date of an existing Letter of Credit to be extended at the request of such US Originator(s))
 in which event the face amount of each such Letter of Credit shall be applied as a payment of the Purchase Price payable by Buyer to such US Originator(s) and
 in the event of a request by more than one US Originator
on the applicable Settlement Date
) in an amount not to exceed the lowest of (A) the remaining unpaid portion of the aggregate Purchase Price for the Receivables sold by such Originator during the applicable Calculation Period (after giving effect to clauses (i) and (ii) above)
 (B) the maximum Subordinated Loan that could be borrowed without rendering Buyer&#8217;s Net Worth less than the Required Capital Amount and (C)&#160;an amount equal to the Subordinated Note Limit with respect to such Originator.   Each Originator is hereby authorized by Buyer to
 on each Settlement Date
 endorse on the schedule attached to its Subordinated Note an appropriate notation evidencing the date and amount of advances made thereunder on such Settlement Date
on each Settlement Date
 by accepting a contribution to Buyer&#8217;s capital from such Originator in an amount equal to the remaining unpaid portion of such Purchase Price for such Receivables (after giving effect to clauses (i)
 (ii)
In the event that Buyer does not have sufficient cash available to pay the estimated Purchase Price payable on any Purchase Date based on the Estimated Sales Report
In the event one or more Originators request that any purchases hereunder be paid for by the issuance or extension of Letters of Credit as described herein
 such Originator(s) shall
 on a timely basis
 provide Buyer with such information as is necessary for Buyer to obtain or extend such Letter of Credit from the Letter of Credit Issuer pursuant to the Credit and Security Agreement. No Originator shall have a reimbursement obligation in respect of any such Letter of Credit. In the event that any Letter of Credit expires without being fully drawn or is surrendered for cancellation without being fully drawn
&#32;that in the event such Letter of Credit was requested by more than one Originator
 Buyer shall pay to each such Originator an amount equal to such Originator&#8217;s proportionate share of such undrawn balance of such Letter of Credit that was allocated hereunder to such Originator.  Such payment may be paid in cash when Buyer has and to the extent of funds that are not needed to satisfy Buyer&#8217;s obligations under the Credit and Security Agreement (to the extent then due and payable) or
 at Buyer&#8217;s election
 by using the proceeds of a Subordinated Loan from such Originator(s). On each Settlement Date with respect to a Calculation Period during which a Letter of Credit is outstanding
&#32;that in the event any such Letter of Credit was requested by more than one Originator
 each such Originator shall pay to the Buyer its proportionate share of such Letter of Credit Fees based on the amount of such Letter of Credit that is allocable to each such Originator.  Buyer shall be entitled
 at its election
 to offset the amount of such Letter of Credit Fees against the principal balance of the Subordinated Note related to such Originator(s) or against the amount of cash next payable with respect to the purchase of Receivables from such Originator(s). 
 each Originator irrevocably agrees to advance each Subordinated Loan requested by Buyer on or prior to the applicable Termination Date.  The related Subordinated Loans owing to each Originator shall be evidenced by
From and after the applicable Termination Date
 no Originator shall be obligated to (but may
.  Notwithstanding the foregoing
 on each Settlement Date
 Buyer and each Originator shall effect a settlement of all amounts paid by Buyer and all Receivables purchased by Buyer during the Calculation Period (based on the information contained in the Purchase Report for such Calculation Period) to which such Settlement Date relates.  On the Settlement Date
&#32;or (ii) owing to Buyer shall be applied by Buyer to reduce the balance (if any) owing under the applicable Originator&#8217;s Subordinated Note
 with any remaining balance being repaid to Buyer.
Sections 2.1(i)
 (j)
 (l)
 (r)
 (s)
 (t)
reduced as a result of any defective
 rejected or returned goods or services (including any In-Transit Collateral that is returned or not accepted by the relevant Obligor)
 any cash discounts
on the date of its sale
then
 in such event
 Buyer shall be entitled to a credit (each
)
 on the Settlement Date related to the Calculation Period when the applicable Purchase Date or reduction or cancellation of Outstanding Balance occurs
 against the Purchase Price otherwise payable to the applicable Originator hereunder in respect of such Receivable equal to (A)&#160;in the case clauses&#160;(y)(i) through (iv) above
 the amount of such reduction or cancellation or the difference between the Outstanding Balance of such Receivable and the amount included with respect to such Receivable in calculating the then applicable Net Pool Balance
 as applicable
 and (B)&#160;in the case of clause (x) above
 an amount equal to the amount of the Outstanding Balance of such Receivable on the relevant Purchase Date.   On such Settlement Date
that if the applicable Termination Date has not occurred
Payments and Computations
.  All amounts required to be paid by Buyer hereunder shall be paid in accordance with the terms hereof on the day when due in immediately available funds to the account of the applicable Originator designated from time to time by such Originator or as otherwise directed by such Originator.  In the event that any payment owed by any Person hereunder becomes due on a day that is not a Business Day
 then such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.   If any Person fails to pay any amount due and payable by it hereunder when due
 such Person agrees to pay
 on demand
(Canada) to the extent relevant hereunder
&#32;(Canada)
 (i) the principle of deemed reinvestment of interest shall not apply to any interest calculation under this Agreement
To the extent that any software used by any Originator to account for the Receivables originated by it is non-transferable
 such Originator hereby grants to each of Buyer
 the Administrative Agent and Smithfield an irrevocable
 non-exclusive license to use
 without royalty or payment of any kind
 all such software used by such Originator to account for such Receivables
necessary to administer such Receivables
that should the consent of any licensor of such software be required for the grant of the license described herein
 to be effective
 such Originator hereby agrees that upon the request of Buyer
 such Originator will use its reasonable efforts to obtain the consent of such third-party licensor.  If any software used by any Originator to account for the Receivables originated by it prohibits such Originator from granting the license to use described herein
 or if
 after reasonable efforts
 the consent of any licensor of such software for the grant of the license described herein is not obtained
 there shall be no transfer of such software hereunder or any grant by such Originator of the license to use described herein.   The license granted hereby shall be irrevocable until the later to occur of (i) indefeasible payment in full of the Obligations
Each Originator (i) shall take such action requested by Buyer and/or the Administrative Agent
 from time to time hereafter
 that may be necessary or appropriate to ensure that Buyer has an enforceable ownership interest in the Records relating to the Receivables purchased from such Originator hereunder
 and (ii) shall use its reasonable efforts to ensure that Buyer
.  If
 notwithstanding the intention of the parties expressed in 
 any (a) transfer by a US Originator of Receivables to Smithfield
 (b) contribution of Receivables by Smithfield to SFFC or by SFFC to Buyer
 or (c) sale by a US Originator to Buyer of Receivables hereunder shall be characterized as a secured loan and not a sale or contribution
 or such transfer shall for any reason be ineffective or unenforceable
 then this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute a security agreement under the UCC and other applicable law.   For this purpose and without being in derogation of the parties&#8217; intention that each conveyance of Receivables by a US Originator or Smithfield hereunder shall constitute a true sale or other absolute assignment thereof
 as applicable:  (i) each of Smithfield and SFFC hereby grants to Buyer a security interest in all of its right
 title and interest in and to the Aggregate Initial Contributed Assets and all proceeds thereof to secure the prompt and complete payment of a loan deemed to have been made in an amount equal to the Buyer&#8217;s paid-in capital and capital surplus booked at the time of the issuance to SFFC or Smithfield
 as applicable
 of Buyer&#8217;s Equity Interests
 together with all other obligations of SFFC or Smithfield
 as applicable
 to Buyer hereunder
 which security interest shall be prior to all other Adverse Claims (except as created under the Transaction Documents)
 and (ii) each US Originator hereby grants to Buyer a security interest in all of such US Originator&#8217;s right
 title and interest in
 to and under all Receivables of such US Originator which are now existing or hereafter arising
 all Collections and Related Security with respect thereto
 each Lock-Box and Collection Account
made in an amount equal to the Purchase Price owing to such US Originator.   Buyer shall have
 in addition to the rights and remedies which it may have under this Agreement
 all other rights and remedies provided to a secured creditor under the UCC and other applicable law
.  Subject to the Buyer's obligations under the Credit and Security Agreement
 Buyer shall be permitted to
 at any time and from time to time after the date hereof
 terminate an Originator under this Agreement (such Originator
&#8221;) by delivery of prior written notice to each of the other parties hereto and the Administrative Agent
&#8221;) of such termination (such Effective Date not to occur earlier than the end of the Calculation Period during which such notice is given).  With effect from the Effective Date set forth in such notice
 Buyer
 Smithfield
 SFFC and each of the other Originators hereby release and discharge the Excluded Originator from any future obligations arising under this Agreement
 including the obligation to sell Receivables to the Buyer
 and each Receivable originated by such Excluded Originator shall be deemed to be an Excluded Receivable; 
 that (a) all of such Excluded Originator's then existing obligations
&#32;as they relate to such Excluded Originator shall survive such termination.   Solely to the extent relating to Excluded Receivables
 Buyer shall terminate or amend any UCC or PPSA financing statement filed naming Buyer as secured party and the Excluded Originator as debtor
 (b) terminate any Collection Account Agreement governing any Lock-Box or Collection Account relating to such Excluded Originator and (c) take any other actions as may be appropriate to evidence or record the termination of such Excluded Originator contemplated hereby.  Each Excluded Originator agrees that this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents may be amended or otherwise modified after the effective date of such release without the consent or approval of such Excluded Originator and the Excluded Originator shall no longer be considered a party thereto (except with respect to (a) such Excluded Originators obligation's
.  Each of Smithfield and SFFC hereby represents and warrants to Buyer on the date hereof
 and each Originator hereby represents and warrants to Smithfield
 SFFC and Buyer on the date hereof
 the applicable Commencement Date and each Purchase Date after such Commencement Date
.  Such Transferor&#8217;s jurisdiction of organization is correctly set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.  Such Transferor is duly organized under the laws of that jurisdiction and no other state or jurisdiction
jurisdiction must maintain a public record showing the organization to have been organized.  Such Transferor is validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization.  Such Transferor is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign entity
 and has and holds all organizational power and all governmental licenses
 authorizations
Power and Authority; Due Authorization
.  The execution and delivery by such Person of this Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party
 and the performance of its obligations hereunder and thereunder
 and
 in the case of any Originator
 such Originator&#8217;s use of the proceeds of the sale of any Receivables
 Related Security or related Collections made by it hereunder
.  The execution and delivery by such Transferor of this Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party
 and the performance of its obligations hereunder and thereunder do not result in the creation or imposition of any Adverse Claim on the assets of such Transferor
 or contravene or violate (i) its Organizational Documents
 (ii) any law
 rule or regulation applicable to it
 (iii) any restrictions under any agreement
 contract or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound
 or (iv) any order
 writ
 judgment
 award
 injunction or decree binding on or affecting it or its property (except as created under the Transaction Documents) except
 in any case
.  Other than the filing of the financing statements required hereunder
 no authorization or approval or other action by
 and no notice to or filing with
.  Except as disclosed in the filings made by Smithfield or any Transferor with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 there are no actions
 suits or proceedings pending or
 to the best of such Transferor&#8217;s knowledge threatened against or affecting such Transferor or any of its properties
 in or before any court
 arbitrator or other body
 that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on (i) the business
 properties
 condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operations of such Transferor and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole
 (ii) the ability of such Transferor to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents
.  Each of the Transaction Documents to which such Transferor is a party constitutes the legal
 valid and binding obligation of such Transferor enforceable against such Transferor in accordance with its respective terms
 except as such enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy
 insolvency
.  All information heretofore furnished by such Transferor or any of its Affiliates to Buyer for purposes of or in connection with this Agreement
 any of the other Transaction Documents or any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby is
 and all such information hereafter furnished by such Transferor or any of its Affiliates to Buyer will be
 true and accurate in every material respect on the date such information is stated or certified and does not and will not contain any material misstatement of fact or omit to state a material fact or any fact necessary to make the statements contained therein
 taken as a whole
 and in light of the circumstances in which they were made
&#32;that
 with respect to projected financial information
.  No portion of any Purchase Price payment hereunder will be used (i) for a purpose that violates
 or would be inconsistent with
 any law
 rule or regulation applicable to such Transferor or (ii) to acquire any security in any transaction which is subject to Section 12
 13 or 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
.  Immediately prior to (i) the transfer by each Originator of the applicable Initial Contributed Assets to Smithfield and (ii) the sale by each Originator of Receivables (other than Excluded Receivables) on the applicable Commencement Date and each Purchase Date thereafter
 such Originator (x) is the legal and beneficial owner of all right
 title and interest in such Initial Contributed Assets or such Receivables
 as applicable and (y) is the legal and beneficial owner of the Related Security with respect to such Receivables or possesses a valid and perfected first priority security interest therein
 in each case
 free and clear of any Adverse Claim
 except as created by the Transaction Documents.  Immediately prior to Smithfield&#8217;s and SFFC&#8217;s contribution of the Aggregate Initial Contributed Assets to SFFC&#8217;s and Buyer&#8217;s capital
 respectively
 Smithfield or SFFC
 as applicable
 will be the legal and beneficial owner of the Aggregate Initial Contributed Assets
 free and clear of any Adverse Claim
.  This Agreement
 together with the filing of the financing statements and assignments contemplated hereby
 is effective to transfer to Buyer (and Buyer shall acquire from such Transferor
 directly or indirectly):  (i) legal and equitable title to
 with the right to sell and encumber
 each Receivable (other than any Excluded Receivable) originated by such Originator
 whether now existing and hereafter arising
 together with the Collections with respect thereto
 and (ii) all of such Originator&#8217;s right
 title and interest in the Related Security associated with each such Receivable
 in each case
 free and clear of any Adverse Claim
Receivables
 the Related Security and the Collections.  Such Transferor&#8217;s jurisdiction of organization is a jurisdiction whose law generally requires information concerning the existence of a nonpossessory security interest to be made generally available in a filing
&#32;has been taken and completed.   Such Transferor&#8217;s Federal Employer Identification Number or Business Number
&#32;have at all times been satisfied and duly performed.   The names and addresses of all Collection Banks
 together with the account numbers of the Collection Accounts at each Collection Bank and the post office box number of each Lock-Box
.   No Originator has granted to any Person
 other than Buyer and the Administrative Agent
 dominion and control of any Lock-Box or Collection Account
 or except in the case of the ABL Representative under the Intercreditor Agreement
.  Since April 29
 2012
.  The name in which such Transferor has executed this Agreement is identical to the name of such Transferor as indicated on the public record of its jurisdiction of organization which shows such Transferor to have been organized.   In the past five (5) years
 such Transferor has not used any corporate names
.  Smithfield owns
 directly or indirectly
 one hundred percent (100%) of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of each Originator
 SFFC and
 after giving effect to the transactions on the Closing Date
 Buyer.   Such Equity Interests are validly issued
 fully paid and nonassessable
 and there are no options
 warrants or other rights to acquire securities of Buyer
&#32;within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940
 as amended
.  Such Transferor has complied in all respects with all applicable laws
 rules
 regulations
 orders
 writs
 judgments
 injunctions
 decrees or awards to which it may be subject
 except where the failure to so comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.   Each Receivable
 together with the Contract related thereto
 does not contravene any laws
 rules or regulations applicable thereto (including laws
 rules and regulations relating to truth in lending
 fair credit billing
 fair credit reporting
equal credit opportunity
 fair debt collection practices and privacy)
 and no part of such Contract is in violation of any such law
 rule or regulation
.  Such Transferor has complied in all material respects with the Credit and Collection Policy with regard to each Receivable originated or contributed by it that was reflected in any Purchase Report as an Eligible Receivable and was an Eligible Receivable on the date of its acquisition by Buyer hereunder
 and with regard to each Contract with respect to such Receivable
 and has not made any material change to such Credit and Collection Policy
.  With respect to each Receivable originated by such Originator and sold to Buyer hereunder
 the Purchase Price payable by Buyer in respect thereof constitutes reasonably equivalent value or
 in respect of the Canadian Originator
 constitutes approximate fair market value
.)
 as amended
 or
 in respect of the Canadian Originator
.  Each Contract with respect to each Receivable that was reflected in any Purchase Report as an Eligible Receivable and was an Eligible Receivable on the date of its acquisition by Buyer hereunder is effective to create
 and has created
 a legal
 valid and binding obligation of the related Obligor to pay the Outstanding Balance of the Receivable created thereunder and any accrued interest thereon
 enforceable against the Obligor in accordance with its terms
 except as such enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy
 insolvency
.  Smithfield
 SFFC and each Originator has filed or caused to be filed all Tax returns which are required to be filed by it and has paid all Taxes required to be paid by it
except (i) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which Smithfield
 SFFC or such Originator
 as applicable
. Except as could not reasonably be expected
 individually or in the aggregate
 to result in a Material Adverse Effect
 (a) Smithfield
 SFFC
Originator and each of their respective ERISA Affiliates is in compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA and of the Tax Code relating to Plans and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder
 and (b) no ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur.  The minimum funding standards of ERISA and the Tax Code with respect to each Plan have been satisfied
.  None of Smithfield
 SFFC
 such Originator nor any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the foregoing (i) is a Sanctioned Person
 (ii) does business in a Sanctioned Country or with a Sanctioned Person in violation of the economic sanctions of the United States administered by OFAC or (iii) does business in such country or with any such agency
 organization or person
.  The obligations of Buyer to purchase Receivables
 Related Security and associated Collections from each Originator under this Agreement is subject to the satisfaction or waiver by Buyer of the conditions precedent that (a) Buyer shall have received on or before the date hereof or the applicable Commencement Date
 as the case may be
; (b) Collection Account Agreements for each Lock-Box and Collection Account (or amendments to or assignments of existing Collection Account Agreements) in favor of Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
 New York Branch
.  Buyer&#8217;s obligation to pay the Purchase Price in respect of any Receivables on any Purchase Date shall be subject to the satisfaction or waiver by Buyer of the further conditions precedent that:  (a) as of such Purchase Date
 the Facility Termination Date shall not have occurred under the Credit and Security Agreement; (b) Buyer shall have received such other approvals
 opinions or documents as it may reasonably request
 and (c) on the date such Receivable came into existence
Notwithstanding the foregoing conditions precedent
 upon payment of the Purchase Price for any Receivable in the manner provided in 
 title to such Receivable and the Related Security and Collections with respect thereto shall vest in Buyer
 whether or not the conditions precedent to Buyer&#8217;s obligation to pay for such Receivable were in fact satisfied or waived.  The failure of an Originator to satisfy any of the foregoing conditions precedent
 however
.  Smithfield agrees that it will maintain
 for itself and each of its Subsidiaries
 a system of accounting established and administered in accordance with GAAP
 and Smithfield will
 and
 as applicable
 will cause each Originator to
.  Within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of Smithfield
 Smithfield&#8217;s audited consolidated balance sheet and audited consolidated condensed statements of income
 stockholders&#8217; equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such year
 and related notes thereto
figures for (or
 in the case of the balance sheet
 as of the end of) the previous fiscal year
.  Within 45 days after the end of each of the first three (3) fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of Smithfield
fiscal year
 setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or
 in the case of the balance sheet
previous fiscal year
 all certified by the Financial Officer of Smithfield as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Smithfield and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied
&#32;or
 if not requested
 with respect to the relevant accounting period
 as applicable
annual financial statement or such quarterly financial statement
 or the end of such relevant accounting period
available
 copies of all reports on Form 10-K
 Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and all proxy statements filed by any Transferor with the SEC
 or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of the SEC
 or with any national securities exchange
 or distributed by Smithfield to the holders of its Equity Interests generally
.  Concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under paragraph (a)(i) and (ii) above (x) a certificate of the accounting firm that reported on such financial statements stating whether they obtained knowledge during the course of their examination of such financial statements of any default relating to Sections 6.13
.  Each Transferor
 if applicable
. Promptly following receipt thereof
&#32;that if such Transferor or any of the ERISA Affiliates have not requested such documents or notices from the administrator or sponsor of the applicable Multiemployer Plan
 then
 upon reasonable request of the Buyer or the Administrative Agent
 the Transferors  and/or the ERISA Affiliates shall promptly make a request for such documents or notices from such administrator or sponsor and such Transferor shall provide copies of such documents and notices promptly to the Buyer or the Administrative Agent after receipt thereof
.  At least thirty (30) days prior to the effectiveness of any material change in or material amendment to the Credit and Collection Policy
 a copy of the Credit and Collection Policy then in effect and a notice (A) indicating such proposed change or amendment
 and (B) if such proposed change or amendment would be reasonably likely to materially adversely affect the collectability of the Receivables or decrease the credit quality of any newly created Receivables
.  Promptly
 from time to time
 such other information
 documents
 records or reports relating to the Receivables originated or contributed by such Transferor or the condition or operations
 financial or otherwise
.  The occurrence of each Termination Event and each Unmatured Termination Event
.  Promptly after the occurrence thereof
 any downgrade in the rating of any rated Debt of any Transferor by S&amp;P or by Moody&#8217;s
.  With respect to (i) any Transferor other than Smithfield
 promptly upon learning thereof
 the occurrence of any event or condition that has had
 or could reasonably be expected to have
 a Material Adverse Effect and (ii) Smithfield
.  Each Transferor will comply in all respects with all applicable laws
 rules
 regulations
 orders
 writs
 judgments
 injunctions
 decrees or awards to which it may be subject
 except where the failure to so comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  Each Transferor will preserve and maintain its legal existence
 rights
 franchises and privileges in the jurisdiction of its organization
 and qualify and remain qualified in good standing as a foreign entity in each jurisdiction where its business is conducted
.  Each Transferor will furnish to Buyer such information with respect to it and the Receivables sold or contributed by it as may be reasonably requested by Buyer from time to time.  Each Transferor will
 from time to time during regular business hours as requested by Buyer upon reasonable notice and at the sole cost of such Transferor
 permit Buyer
 or its agents or representatives:  (i) to examine and make copies of and abstracts from all Records in the possession or under the control of such Transferor relating to the Receivables and Related Security
 including the related Contracts
 and (ii) to visit the offices and properties of such Transferor for the purpose of examining such materials described in clause (i) above
 and to discuss matters relating to such Transferor&#8217;s financial condition or the Receivables and the Related Security or such Transferor&#8217;s  performance under any of the Transaction Documents or any Person&#8217;s performance under the Contracts and
 in each case
 with any of the officers or employees of such Transferor having knowledge of such matters (each of the foregoing examinations and visits
&#32;provided
 however
&#32;that
 so long as no Event of Default (under and as defined in the Credit and Security Agreement) has occurred and is continuing
Such Transferor will maintain and implement administrative and operating procedures (including an ability to recreate records evidencing Receivables in the event of the destruction of the originals thereof)
 and keep and maintain all documents
 books
Such Transferor will (A) on or prior to the date hereof
 mark its master data processing records and other books and records relating to the Receivables with a legend
 acceptable to Buyer
 describing Buyer&#8217;s ownership interests in the Receivables and further describing the interest of the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Lenders) under the Credit and Security Agreement and (B) upon the request of Buyer:  (x) mark each Contract with a legend describing Buyer&#8217;s ownership interests in the Receivables originated by such Transferor and further describing the interest of the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Lenders) and (y) after the occurrence of a Termination Event
.  Such Transferor will timely and fully (i) perform and comply with all provisions
 covenants and other promises required to be observed by it under the Contracts related to the Receivables originated by it
.  Such Transferor will take all necessary action to establish and maintain
 irrevocably in Buyer
 (A) legal and equitable title to the Receivables (other than the Excluded Receivables) originated by such Transferor and the Collections and (B) all of such Transferor&#8217;s right
 title and interest in the Related Security associated with the Receivables (other than Excluded Receivables) originated by such Transferor
 in each case
 free and clear of any Adverse Claims other than Adverse Claims in favor of Buyer (including the filing of all financing statements or other similar instruments or documents necessary under the UCC or the PPSA
 as applicable (or any comparable law) of all appropriate jurisdictions to perfect Buyer&#8217;s interest in such Receivables
 Related Security and Collections and such other action to perfect
.  Such Transferor acknowledges that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders are entering into the transactions contemplated by the Credit and Security Agreement in reliance upon Buyer&#8217;s identity as a legal entity that is separate from such Transferor and any Affiliates thereof.  Therefore
 from and after the date of execution and delivery of this Agreement
 such Transferor will take all reasonable steps
 including all steps that Buyer may from time to time reasonably request
 to maintain Buyer&#8217;s identity as a separate legal entity and to make it manifest to third parties that Buyer is an entity with assets and liabilities distinct from those of such Transferor and any Affiliates thereof and not just a division of such Transferor or any such Affiliate.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing and in addition to the other covenants set forth herein
 such Transferor (i) will not hold itself out to third parties as liable for the debts of Buyer nor purport to own any of the Receivables and other assets acquired by Buyer
.  From and after the Commencement Date
 such Transferor will cause (1) all proceeds from all Lock-Boxes to be directly deposited by a Collection Bank into a Collection Account and (2) each Lock-Box to be subject at all times to a Collection Account Agreement that is in full force and effect; 
 that amounts received in respect of any Excluded Receivables shall not be deposited in any Lock-Box or Collection Account.  In the event any payments relating to Receivables are remitted directly to such Transferor or any Affiliate of such Transferor
 such Transferor will remit (or will cause all such payments to be remitted) directly to a Collection Bank and deposit into a Collection Account within two (2) Business Days following receipt thereof and
 at all times prior to such remittance
 such Transferor will itself hold or will cause such payments to be held in trust for the exclusive benefit of Buyer.  From and after the Commencement Date
 such Transferor will transfer exclusive ownership
 dominion and control of each Lock-Box to Buyer and
 will not grant the right to take dominion and control of any Lock-Box at a future time or upon the occurrence of a future event to any Person
.  Such Transferor will file all Tax returns and reports required by law to be filed by it and promptly pay all Taxes and governmental charges at any time owing
 except any such Taxes which are not yet delinquent or are being contested in good faith by appropriate and timely proceedings and for which adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP shall have been set aside on its books.  Such Transferor will pay when due any and all present and future stamp
 documentary
 and other similar taxes and governmental charges payable in connection with the Receivables originated by it
 and hold Buyer harmless from and against any and all liabilities (including penalties
.  Until the date on which this Agreement terminates in accordance with its terms
Name Change
.  Such Transferor will not change its (i) jurisdiction of organization
 (ii) name
 (iii) identity or structure (within the meaning of Article 9 of any applicable enactment of the UCC)
 unless it shall have:  (i) given the Buyer (and the Administrative Agent) at least forty-five (45) days&#8217; prior written notice thereof and (ii) delivered to the Administrative Agent all financing statements
.  Such Transferor will not add or terminate any bank as a Collection Bank
 or make any change in the instructions to Obligors regarding payments to be made to any Lock-Box or Collection Account
 unless Buyer  shall have received
 at least ten (10) days before the proposed effective date therefor
 (i) written notice of such addition
 termination or change and (ii) with respect to the addition of a Collection Bank or a Collection Account or Lock-Box
provided
 however
.  Such Transferor will not make any change to the Credit and Collection Policy that would impair the collectability of any Receivable originated by it or reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect without the consent of the Buyer and the Administrative Agent.  Except as otherwise permitted in its capacity as Servicer pursuant to the Credit and Security Agreement
 such Transferor will not extend
Sales
.  Such Transferor will not sell
 assign (by operation of law or otherwise) or otherwise dispose of
 or grant any option with respect to
 or create or suffer to exist any Adverse Claim upon (including the filing of any financing statement) or with respect to
 any Receivable (other than any Excluded Receivable)
 Related Security or Collections
 or upon or with respect to any Contract under which any such Receivable arises
 or any Lock-Box or Collection Account
 or assign any right to receive income with respect thereto (other than
 in each case
 the creation of the interests therein in favor of Buyer provided for herein)
 and such Transferor will defend the right
 title and interest of Buyer in
 to and under any of the foregoing property
provided
 however
&#32;shall be construed to prohibit Farmland Foods
 Inc. and/or The Smithfield Packing Company
 Incorporated from selling or transferring goods or inventory (other than goods or inventory constituting Receivables) to the Canadian Originator
.  Such Transferor will not
 and will not permit any Affiliate to
.  Each of Smithfield and such Transferor will not
 and will not permit any Subsidiary of Smithfield and such Transferor to
 fail to satisfy the minimum funding standard under Section 412 of the Tax Code or Section 302 of ERISA
 whether or not waived
.  Subject to the limitations of Section 7.1(i) of the Credit and Security Agreement
 no Transferor will
 nor will it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to
 merge into
 amalgamate with or consolidate with any other Person
 or permit any other Person to merge into
 amalgamate with or consolidate with it
 or sell
 transfer
 lease or otherwise dispose of (in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets
 or all or substantially all of the stock of any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (in each case
owned or hereafter acquired)
 or liquidate or dissolve
 except that
any Transferor (other than Smithfield) and any other Person may merge into or amalgamate with any Transferor in a transaction in which a Transferor is the surviving corporation
 or
 concurrently with the consummation of such transaction
any Restricted Subsidiary may sell
 transfer
any Transferor or any Restricted Subsidiary may sell
 transfer
 lease or otherwise dispose of its assets (including for the avoidance of doubt any Excluded Receivable) in any manner expressly permitted by any Transaction Document or if permitted under Section 6.04 or 6.05 of the Parent Credit Agreement; 
)
failure shall remain unremedied for fifteen (15) days after the earlier of (i) an Executive Officer of any of the Transferors obtaining knowledge thereof
Any representation
 warranty
 certification or statement made by such Transferor in this Agreement
provided

Any of the Transferors or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries shall become unable
An Event of Bankruptcy shall occur with respect to Smithfield
or (ii) such other event or condition shall occur or exist with respect to a Plan; and in each case in clauses (i) and (ii) such event or condition
 when taken together with all other such events or conditions
 if any
 that have occurred
One or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of $50
000
000 (to the extent not adequately covered by insurance as to which the insurer has not denied or contested coverage) shall be rendered against Smithfield
 any Subsidiary of Smithfield (other than any Unrestricted Subsidiary)
 any Originator
 any Subsidiary of an Originator (other than any Unrestricted Subsidiary) or any combination thereof and the same shall remain unpaid or undischarged for a period of 45&#160;consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed
 or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of Smithfield
 any Subsidiary of Smithfield
 any Originator or any Subsidiary of any Originator (other than any Unrestricted Subsidiary) to enforce any such judgment
 or Smithfield
 any Subsidiary of Smithfield (other than any Unrestricted Subsidiary)
 any Originator or any Subsidiary of any Originator (other than any Unrestricted Subsidiary) shall fail within 45 days to discharge one or more non-monetary judgments or orders which
 individually or in the aggregate
 could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
 which judgments or orders
 in any such case
Restricted Subsidiary
 or at any time it is or becomes unlawful for any Transferor or any Restricted Subsidiary to perform or comply with its obligations under any Transaction Document
 or the obligations of any of the Transferors or any Restricted Subsidiary under any Transaction Document are not
 or cease to be
 legal
A regulatory
 tax or accounting body has ordered that the activities of any Originator or any Affiliate of such Originator contemplated hereby be terminated or
 as a result of any other event or circumstance
 the activities of such Originator or any Affiliate of such Originator contemplated hereby may reasonably be expected to cause such Originator or any of its respective Affiliates to suffer materially adverse regulatory
There shall occur any loss
 termination
 cancellation or other material impairment of any governmental license
 certificate
.  Upon the occurrence of a Termination Event
 Buyer may take any of the following actions:  (i) declare the applicable Termination Date to have occurred
 whereupon the applicable Termination Date shall forthwith occur
 without demand
 protest or further notice of any kind
provided
 however
&#32;with respect to any Transferor
&#32;(Canada)
 the applicable Termination Date shall automatically occur
 without demand
 protest or any notice of any kind
 all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Transferor and (ii) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law
 declare that the Default Rate shall accrue with respect to any amounts then due and owing by such Transferor to Buyer.  The aforementioned rights and remedies shall be without limitation and shall be in addition to all other rights and remedies of Buyer otherwise available under any other provision of this Agreement
 by operation of law
 at equity or otherwise
 all of which are hereby expressly preserved
 including all rights and remedies provided under the UCC and the PPSA
.  Without limiting any other rights that Buyer may have hereunder or under applicable law
 (A) each Transferor hereby agrees to indemnify (and pay upon demand to) Buyer
 and its officers
 directors
) from and against any and all damages
 losses
 claims
 taxes
 liabilities
 costs
 expenses and for all other amounts payable
 including reasonable attorneys&#8217; fees (which attorneys may be employees of Buyer) and disbursements and
 to the extent such Transferor does not timely pay such indemnity
 any additional liability (including penalties
) awarded against or incurred by any of them arising out of or as a result of this Agreement or the acquisition
 either directly or indirectly
Originator hereby indemnifies and holds Buyer harmless against any Canadian withholding taxes (including any related penalties
 interest and costs) that may be either assessed against Buyer or required to be withheld or recovered from Buyer by the Canadian Originator as a result of (i) the purchase of Receivables from the Canadian Originator and any portion of the Purchase Price thereof remaining unpaid or being paid with a Subordinated Loan or contributed by the Canadian Originator to the capital of Buyer
 or (ii) the receipt by Buyer of an indemnity payment pursuant to the foregoing. If Buyer receives a refund of any such Canadian withholding taxes with respect to which it has received an indemnity payment from the Canadian Originator or the Servicer
 Buyer shall pay over such refund plus any interest received thereon to the Canadian Originator or the Servicer
 as the case may be
provided
 however
Indemnified Amounts to the extent the same includes losses in respect of Receivables originated by such Transferor that are uncollectible on account of the insolvency
taxes imposed on or measured by such Indemnified Party&#8217;s net income
 and franchise taxes and branch profit taxes imposed on it
 by the jurisdiction under the laws of which such Indemnified Party is organized or any political subdivision thereof
 and taxes imposed on or measured by such Indemnified Party&#8217;s net income
 and franchise taxes and branch profit taxes imposed on it
provided
 however
 that nothing contained in this sentence shall limit the liability of such Transferor or limit the recourse of each Indemnified Party to such Transferor for amounts otherwise specifically provided to be paid by such Transferor under the terms of this Agreement.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing indemnification
 but subject in each case to clauses (a)
 (b) and (c) above
any representation or warranty made by such Transferor (or any officer of such Transferor) under or in connection with any Purchase Report
 this Agreement
the failure by such Transferor
 to comply with any applicable law
Contract related thereto
 or the nonconformity of any Receivable or Contract included therein with any such applicable law
 rule or regulation or any failure of such Transferor to keep or perform any of its obligations
 express or implied
any failure of such Transferor to perform its duties
any products liability
 personal injury or damage
 suit or other similar claim arising out of or in connection with merchandise
any dispute
 claim
 offset or defense (other than a defense related to the financial condition
 or discharge in bankruptcy
 of the Obligor) of the Obligor to the payment of any Receivable (including a defense based on such Receivable or the related Contract not being a legal
 valid and binding obligation of such Obligor enforceable against it in accordance with its terms)
any investigation
 litigation or proceeding related to or arising from this Agreement or any other Transaction Document
 the transactions contemplated hereby
 such Transferor&#8217;s use of the proceeds of the purchase from it hereunder
 the ownership of the Receivables originated by such Transferor or any other investigation
any inability to litigate any claim against any Obligor in respect of any Receivable as a result of such Obligor being immune from civil and commercial law and suit on the grounds of sovereignty or otherwise from any legal action
any failure to vest and maintain vested in Buyer
 or to transfer to Buyer
 legal and equitable title to
 and ownership of
 the Receivables originated by such Transferor and the associated Collections
 and all of such Transferor&#8217;s right
associated with such Receivables
 in each case
 free and clear of any Adverse Claim (except any Adverse Claim in favor of the Buyer or the Administrative Agent
the failure to have filed
 or any delay in filing
 financing statements
 continuation statement
 financing change statement or other similar instruments or documents under the UCC
 the PPSA or comparable laws of any applicable jurisdiction or other applicable laws with respect to any Receivable originated by such Transferor
 the Related Security and Collections with respect thereto
 and the proceeds thereof
any civil penalty or fine assessed by OFAC against
Notwithstanding the foregoing
 (i) the foregoing indemnification is not intended to
 and shall not
&#32;shall require a Transferor to indemnify any Indemnified Party for Receivables which are not collected
 not paid or otherwise uncollectible on account of the insolvency
 bankruptcy
.  Each Transferor shall pay to Buyer on demand all costs and out-of-pocket expenses in connection with the preparation
 execution
 delivery and administration of this Agreement
 the transactions contemplated hereby and the other documents to be delivered hereunder.  Each Transferor shall pay to Buyer on demand any and all costs and expenses of Buyer
 if any
actually incurred in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement and the other documents delivered hereunder and in connection with any restructuring or workout of this Agreement or such documents
No failure or delay on the part of Buyer in exercising any power
 right or remedy under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof
 nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power
 right or remedy preclude any other further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other power
No provision of this Agreement may be amended
 supplemented
 modified or waived except in writing signed by each Transferor and Buyer and
 to the extent required under the Credit and Security Agreement
 the Administrative Agent and the Committed Lenders or the Required Committed Lenders.  Any material amendment
 supplement
.  All communications and notices provided for hereunder shall be in writing (including bank wire
 telecopy or electronic facsimile transmission or similar writing) and shall be given to the other parties hereto at their respective addresses or telecopy numbers set forth on the signature pages hereof or at such other address or telecopy number as such Person may hereafter specify for the purpose of notice to each of the other parties hereto.  Each such notice or other communication shall be effective (a) if given by telecopy
 upon the receipt thereof
 (b) if given by mail
 five (5) Business Days after the time such communication is deposited in the mail with first class postage prepaid or (c) if given by any other means
Each Transferor agrees that from time to time
 at its expense
 it will promptly execute and deliver all instruments and documents
 and take all actions
 that may be necessary or desirable
 or that Buyer may request
 to perfect
 protect or more fully evidence the interest of Buyer hereunder and the interest of the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Lenders) under the Credit and Security Agreement
 or to enable Buyer to exercise and enforce their rights and remedies hereunder.  At any time
 Buyer may
 at such Transferor&#8217;s sole cost and expense
If any Transferor fails to perform any of its obligations hereunder
 Buyer may (but shall not be required to) perform
 or cause performance of
 such obligations
.  Each Transferor irrevocably authorizes Buyer at any time and from time to time in the sole discretion of Buyer
 and appoints Buyer  as its attorney(ies)-in-fact
necessary or desirable in Buyer&#8217;s  sole discretion to perfect and to maintain the perfection and priority of the interest of Buyer in the Receivables originated by such Transferor and the associated Related Security and Collections and (ii) to file a carbon
or as otherwise applicable in such offices as Buyer in their sole discretion deem necessary or desirable to perfect and to maintain the perfection and priority of Buyer&#8217;s interests in such Receivables.  This appointment is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable.  If any Transferor fails to perform any of its obligations hereunder:  (A) such Transferor hereby authorizes Buyer to file financing statements and other filing or recording documents with respect to the Receivables and Related Security (including any amendments thereto
 or continuation or termination statements thereof)
 without the signature or other authorization of such Transferor
 in such form and in such offices as Buyer reasonably determines appropriate to perfect or maintain the perfection of the ownership or security interests of Buyer  hereunder
 (B) such Transferor acknowledges and agrees that it is not authorized to
 and will not
 file financing statements or other filing or recording documents with respect to the Receivables or Related Security (including any amendments thereto
 or continuation or termination statements thereof)
 without the express prior written approval by the Administrative Agent
 consenting to the form and substance of such filing or recording document
 and (C) such Transferor approves
 authorizes and ratifies any filings or recordings made by or on behalf of the Administrative Agent in connection with the perfection of the ownership or security interests in favor of Buyer or the Administrative Agent
Each Transferor and Buyer shall maintain and shall cause each of its employees and officers to maintain the confidentiality of the Fee Letter and the other confidential or proprietary information with respect to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and their respective businesses obtained by it or them in connection with the structuring
 negotiating and execution of the transactions contemplated herein
 except that such Transferor and its officers and employees may disclose such information to such Transferor&#8217;s external accountants
Each Transferor hereby consents to the disclosure of any nonpublic information with respect to it (i) to Buyer
 any Agent or the Lenders by each other
 (ii) to any prospective or actual assignee or participant of any of the Persons described in clause (i)
 and (iii) to any rating agency
 Commercial Paper dealer or provider of a surety
 guaranty or credit or liquidity enhancement to a Lender or any entity organized for the purpose of purchasing
 or making loans secured by
 financial assets for which any Co-Agent or one of its Affiliates acts as the administrative agent and to any officers
 directors
 employees
&#32;each such Person described in the foregoing clauses (ii) and (iii) is informed of the confidential nature of such information.  In addition
 the Lenders and the Administrative Agent may disclose any such nonpublic information pursuant to any law
 rule
 regulation
 direction
 request or order of any judicial
Each Transferor and Buyer each hereby covenants and agrees that
 prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding senior indebtedness of a Lender
 it will not institute against
 or join any other Person in instituting against
 such Lender any bankruptcy
 reorganization
 arrangement
Each Transferor covenants and agrees that
 prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding obligations of Buyer under the Credit and Security Agreement
 it will not institute against
 or join any other Person in instituting against
 Buyer any bankruptcy
 reorganization
 arrangement
.  Except with respect to any claim arising out of the willful misconduct or gross negligence of any Transferor
 Buyer
 any Lender or any Agent
 no claim may be made by any such Person (or its Affiliates
 directors
 officers
 employees
 attorneys or agents) against any such other Person (or its Affiliates
 directors
 officers
 employees
 attorneys or agents) for any special
 indirect
 consequential or punitive damages in respect of any claim for breach of contract or any other theory of liability arising out of or related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
 or any act
 omission or event occurring in connection therewith; and each of the parties hereto
 on behalf of itself and its Affiliates
 directors
 officers
 employees
 attorneys
 agents
 successors and assigns
 hereby waives
 releases
 and agrees not to sue upon any claim for any such damages
.  THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK
 WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS THEREOF (EXCEPT IN THE CASE OF THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS
 TO THE EXTENT OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY STATED THEREIN) AND EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THE PERFECTION OF THE OWNERSHIP INTEREST OF ANY TRANSFEROR OR THE BUYER
.  EACH TRANSFEROR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE NON EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR NEW YORK STATE COURT SITTING IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY DOCUMENT EXECUTED BY SUCH TRANSFEROR PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT AND SUCH TRANSFEROR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN ANY SUCH COURT AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE AS TO THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH SUIT
 ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN SUCH A COURT OR THAT SUCH COURT IS AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.  NOTHING HEREIN SHALL LIMIT THE RIGHT OF BUYER TO BRING PROCEEDINGS AGAINST SUCH TRANSFEROR IN THE COURTS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION.  ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING BY SUCH TRANSFEROR AGAINST BUYER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF INVOLVING
 DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY
 ANY MATTER IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF
 RELATED TO
.  EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING INVOLVING
 DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY
 ANY MATTER (WHETHER SOUNDING IN TORT
 CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF
 RELATED TO
 OR CONNECTED WITH THIS AGREEMENT
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Transferors
No Transferor may assign any of its rights and obligations hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of Buyer.  Buyer may assign at any time its rights and obligations hereunder and interests herein to any other Person without the consent of any Transferor.  Without limiting the foregoing
 each Transferor acknowledges that Buyer
 pursuant to the Credit and Security Agreement
 may assign to the Administrative Agent
 for the benefit of the Lenders
 its rights
 remedies
 powers and privileges hereunder and that the Administrative Agent may further assign such rights
 remedies
 powers and privileges to the extent permitted in the Credit and Security Agreement.  Each Transferor agrees that the Administrative Agent shall
 subject to the terms of the Credit and Security Agreement
provided
 however
.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts
 each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement.  Any provisions of this Agreement which are prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall
 as to such jurisdiction
 be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof
 and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.  Unless otherwise expressly indicated
 all references herein to &#8220;Article
&#8221; &#8220;Section
&#8221; &#8220;Schedule&#8221; or &#8220;Exhibit&#8221; shall mean articles and sections of
 and schedules and exhibits to
.  Prior to their contribution or sale in accordance with the terms hereof
 the Receivables
 the Related Security and the associated Collections constitute collateral subject to Adverse Claims described in
 and subject to the priorities set forth in
 the Intercreditor Agreement.
 the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized
SMITHFIELD FOODS
 INC.
Smithfield Foods
Smithfield
 VA 23430
SFFC
 INC.
c/o Smithfield Foods
Smithfield
 VA 23430
FARMLAND FOODS
c/o Smithfield Foods
Smithfield
 VA 23430
THE SMITHFIELD PACKING COMPANY
 INCORPORATED
c/o Smithfield Foods
Smithfield
 VA 23430
JOHN MORRELL &amp; CO.
c/o Smithfield Foods
Smithfield
 VA 23430
AMOUR-ECKRICH MEATS
c/o Smithfield Foods
Smithfield
 VA 23430
SMITHFIELD GLOBAL PRODUCTS
c/o Smithfield Foods
Smithfield
 VA 23430
PREMIUM PET HEALTH
c/o Smithfield Foods
Smithfield
 VA 23430
PATRICK CUDAHY
c/o Smithfield Foods
Smithfield
 VA 23430
SMITHFIELD OF CANADA
&#32;/s/ Robert W. Manly
Name: Robert W. Manly
c/o Smithfield Foods
Smithfield
 VA 23430
SMITHFIELD RECEIVABLES FUNDING LLC
By: SFFC
 Inc.
3411 Silverside Rd
Wilmington
c/o Smithfield Foods
Smithfield
 VA 23430
(b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;As used in the Agreement and the Exhibits and Schedules thereto
(d)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The words &#8220;hereof
&#32;means Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
 New York Branch
&#32;means any lien (statutory or other)
 mortgage
 pledge
 hypothecation
 assignment
 encumbrance or preference
 priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including the interest of a vendor or lessor under any conditional sale
&#32;means
 with respect to any Person
 any other Person directly or indirectly controlling
 controlled by
 or under direct or indirect common control with
 such Person or any Subsidiary of such Person.  A Person shall be deemed to control another Person (a) if the controlling Person owns 10-50% of any class of voting securities of the controlled Person only if it also possesses
 directly or indirectly
 the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the controlled Person
 whether through ownership of stock
 by contract or otherwise
&#8221; means
 collectively
&#32;means the Amended and Restated Receivables Sale Agreement
 dated as of January 31
 2013
 among Smithfield
 Originators and Buyer
 as the same may be amended
&#32;means a day of the year on which banks are not required or authorized by law to close in New York
 New York
 Toronto
 Ontario or The Depositary Trust Company of New York is open for business and
 if the applicable Business Day relates to any determination of a LIBO Rate
&#32;means
 with respect to any Originator
&#32;means Smithfield of Canada
&#32;means (a) the acquisition of ownership
 directly or indirectly
 beneficially or of record
 by any Person or group (within the meaning of the Exchange Act and the rules of the SEC thereunder as in effect on the date hereof)
 of Equity Interests representing more than 50% of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests in Smithfield
&#32;means each concentration account
 depository account
&#32;means an agreement in form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent among Buyer
&#32;means
 at any time
&#32;means
 with respect to any Receivable
 all cash collections and other cash proceeds in respect of such Receivable
provided
 however
made for the account of the Servicer
&#8221; means
 (i) with respect to the US Originators
 June 21
 2011
 being the date set forth in the notice from Buyer to the US Originators
 Smithfield and SFFC
 with a copy to the Administrative Agent
 dated June 15
 2011 and stating that Buyer is prepared to accept the contribution of the Initial Contributed Assets on such date and (ii) with respect to the Canadian Originator
 the date set forth in the notice from Buyer to the Originators
 Smithfield and SFFC
 with a copy to the Administrative Agent
&#32;means
 with respect to any Receivable
 any and all instruments
 agreements
 invoices or other writings pursuant to which such Receivable arises or which evidences such Receivable.
&#32;means
 with respect to any Person at any date
 without duplication
 (i) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money
 (ii) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds
 debentures
 notes or other similar instruments
 (iii) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services
 except trade accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of business
 (iv) all obligations of such Person as lessee under Capitalized Leases
 (v) all obligations of such Person to purchase securities (or other property) which arise out of or in connection with the sale of the same or substantially similar securities or property
 (vi) all obligations of such Person to reimburse any bank or other person in respect of amounts paid under a letter of credit or similar instrument
 (vii) all Debt of others secured by a lien on any asset of such Person to the extent of the fair market value of such asset
 whether or not such Debt is assumed by such Person
 (viii) all Synthetic Lease Liabilities of such Person
&#32;means a percentage calculated to provide Buyer with a reasonable return on its investment in the Receivables purchased from each Originator after taking account of (i) the time value of money based upon the anticipated dates of collection of such Receivables and the cost to Buyer of financing its investment in such Receivables during such period
 (ii) the risk of nonpayment by the Obligors
 (iii) servicing costs
that any change to the Discount Factor shall take effect as of the commencement of a Calculation Period
&#32;means
 with respect to any Person
 any and all shares
 interests
 participations or other equivalents
 including membership interests (however designated
 whether voting or non-voting)
 of capital of such Person
 including
 if such Person is a partnership
 partnership interests (whether general or limited) and any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of
 or distributions of assets of
 such partnership
&#32;means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974
 as amended from time to time
&#32;means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that
 together with any Originator or Smithfield
 is treated as a single employer under Section&#160;414(b) or (c) of the Tax Code or
 solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Tax Code
shall mean
 with respect to any Excluded Originator
&#32;shall mean with respect to any Person
 the Chief Executive Officer
 President
 Vice Presidents (if elected by the Board of Directors of such Person)
 Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer
&#32;means
 with respect to a Contract
 any finance
 interest
&#32;means with respect to Smithfield
 any of the Chief Financial Officer
 Vice President of Finance
&#32;means
 in respect of each US Originator
 that portion of the Initial Transferred Assets of such US Originator that has an aggregate Outstanding Balance as of 11:59 pm on the Business Day immediately preceding the applicable Commencement Date equal to the amount designated in the Transfer Notice as the amount of Initial Contributed Assets for such US Originator
&#32;means
 in respect of each Originator
 that portion of the Initial Transferred Assets of such Originator that has an aggregate Outstanding Balance as of 11:59 pm on the Business Day immediately preceding the Commencement Date equal to the amount designated in the Transfer Notice or
 in the case of the Canadian Originator
 the relevant notice described in the definition of &#8220;Commencement Date&#8221;
 as the amount of Initial Purchased Assets for such Originator
&#32;means
 in respect of each Originator
and to be transferred to Buyer by way of contribution or sale
 as applicable
&#32;means (i) any material adverse effect on the business
 operations
 financial condition or assets of Smithfield and its Restricted Subsidiaries
 taken as a whole
 (ii) any material adverse effect on the ability of any Transferor to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party
 (iii) any material adverse effect on the legality
 validity or enforceability of the Agreement or any other Transaction Document
 (iv) any material adverse effect on any Transferor&#8217;s
 Buyer&#8217;s
 the Administrative Agent&#8217;s or any Lender&#8217;s interest in the Receivables generally or in any significant portion of the Receivables
 the Related Security or Collections with respect thereto
&#32;means as of the last Business Day of each Calculation Period preceding any date of determination
 the excess
 if any
 of (a) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of the Receivables at such time plus cash-on-hand
 over (b) the sum of (i) the Aggregate Principal outstanding at such time
&#32;means
 for any Person
 the documents for its formation and organization
 which
 for example
 (a) for a corporation are its corporate charter or articles of incorporation
 as applicable
 and bylaws
 (b) for a partnership are its certificate of partnership (if applicable) and partnership agreement
 (c) for a limited liability company are its certificate of formation or organization and its operating agreement
 regulations or the like and (d) for a trust is the trust agreement
 declaration of trust
&#32;of any Receivable at any time means the then outstanding principal balance thereof or
 in the case of any Receivable described in clause (ii) of the definition of &#8220;Receivable&#8221; herein
&#32;means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation
&#32;means an individual
 partnership
 corporation (including a business trust)
 limited liability company
 joint stock company
 trust
 unincorporated association
 joint venture or other entity
&#32;means a rate per annum equal to the prime rate of interest announced from time to time by Rabobank (which is not necessarily the lowest rate charged to any customer)
means Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
means (i) all indebtedness and other obligations owed to an Originator (at the times it arises
 and before giving effect to any transfer or conveyance under this Agreement) (including any indebtedness
 obligation or interest constituting an account
 chattel paper
 instrument 
 
 that the term &#8220;Receivable&#8221; shall exclude any indebtedness or other obligations owed or that become payable to (x) an Originator by an Affiliate that is 100% owned
 directly or indirectly
 by an Originator or the Buyer or (y) Farmland Foods
 Inc. or The Smithfield Packing Company
 Incorporated by the Canadian Originator.  Indebtedness and other rights and obligations arising from any one transaction
 including indebtedness and other rights and obligations represented by an individual invoice
 shall constitute a Receivable separate from a Receivable consisting of the indebtedness and other rights and obligations arising from any other transaction; 

 that any indebtedness
 rights or obligations referred to in the immediately preceding sentence shall be a Receivable regardless of whether the account debtor or such Originator treats such indebtedness
&#32;means
 with respect to any Receivable
 all Contracts and other documents
 books
 records and other information (including computer programs
 tapes
 disks
 punch cards
 data processing software and related property and rights) relating to such Receivable
&#32;means
(i)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;all of the applicable Originator&#8217;s interest in the inventory and goods (including returned or repossessed inventory or goods and any In-Transit Collateral)
 if any
 the sale
 financing or lease of which by such Originator gave
 or will give
 rise to such Receivable
 and all insurance contracts with respect thereto
(ii)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;all other security interests or liens and property subject thereto from time to time
 if any
 purporting to secure payment of such Receivable
 whether pursuant to the Contract related to such Receivable or otherwise
 together with all financing statements and security agreements describing any collateral securing such Receivable
(iii)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;all guaranties
 letters of credit
 insurance and other agreements or arrangements of whatever character from time to time supporting or securing payment of such Receivable whether pursuant to the Contract related to such Receivable or otherwise
(iv)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;all service contracts and other contracts and agreements associated with such Receivable
(v)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;all Records related to such Receivable
(vi)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;all of the applicable Originator&#8217;s right
 title and interest in each Lock-Box and each Collection Account
&#32;means
 as of any date of determination
 an amount equal to the greater of (a) 3% of the Aggregate Commitment under the Credit and Security Agreement
 and (b) the product of (i) 1.5 times the product of the Default Ratio times the Default Horizon Ratio
 each as determined from the most recent Monthly Report received from Smithfield under the Credit and Security Agreement
 and (ii) the Outstanding Balance of all Receivables as of such date
&#32;means
 with respect to each Calculation Period
&#8221; means
 with respect to any Subordinated Loan
&#32;means
 with respect to any Subordinated Loan
 the related promissory note in substantially the form of 
 pertaining to such Subordinated Loan
 as the same may be amended
 restated
 supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time
means
 as to any Originator and with respect to the Settlement Date for any Calculation Period
&#32;(ii) the percentage of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of Receivables sold by all Originators during such Calculation Period that were sold by such Originator
 multiplied by (y) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of Receivables owned by Buyer as of the last day of such Calculation Period
controlled
 directly or indirectly
 by such Person or by one or more of its Subsidiaries or by such Person and one or more of its Subsidiaries
 or (ii) any partnership
 association
 limited liability company
&#32;of a Person means any liability under any tax retention operating lease or so-called &#8220;synthetic&#8221; lease transaction
&#32;means
 as to each Originator
&#32;with respect to such Originator
 (ii) the Business Day specified in a written notice from Buyer to such Originator following the occurrence of any other Termination Event
&#32;means (a) as to the Initial Contributed Assets
 each Originator
 SFFC and Smithfield
 and (b) as to all other Receivables
 together with the associated Related Security and Collections
&#32;means an event which
 with the passage of time or the giving of notice
 or both
All accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with GAAP.  All terms used in Article 9 of the UCC in the State of New York or the PPSA
 and not specifically defined herein
Locations of Records:  3411 Silverside Rd
 103 Baynard Bldg
 Wilmington
Legal
SFFC
Locations of Records:  103 Baynard Building
 3411 Silverside Road
 Wilmington
Legal
FARMLAND FOODS
Locations of Records:  11500 NW Ambassador Drive
 Suite 500
 Kansas City
Legal
Farmland Foods
Locations of Records:  805 East Kemper Road
Legal
Locations of Records:  4225 Naperville Road
 Suite 600
 Naperville
Legal
PREMIUM PET HEALTH
Locations of Records:  1485 E. 61st Ave.
 Denver
Legal
PATRICK CUDAHY
Locations of Records:  One Sweet Apple-Wood Lane
 Cudahy
Legal
&#32;Formerly known as Patcud Merger Sub
 LLC.  Patrick Cudahy Incorporated
 PC Express
 Inc. and 814 Americas
 Inc. merged into Patrick Cudahy
SMITHFIELD PACKING COMPANY
Locations of Records:  111 Commerce Street
 Smithfield
Legal
SMITHFIELD GLOBAL PRODUCTS
Locations of Records:  370 East Maple Ave.
 Suite 302
 Langhorne
Legal
Place of Business: Ontario
Locations of Records: 66 Wellington Street West
 Suite 5300
 Toronto ON M5K 1E6
Legal
This Compliance Certificate is furnished pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated Receivables Sale Agreement dated as of January 31
 2013
 among Smithfield Foods
)
 SFFC
 Inc.
 and certain of Smithfield&#8217;s subsidiaries
 as Originators
 and Smithfield Receivables Funding LLC
 as Buyer (as amended
 restated and/or otherwise modified from time to time
2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;I have reviewed the terms of the Agreement and I have made
 or have caused to be made under my supervision
 a detailed review of the transactions and conditions of Smithfield and its Subsidiaries during the accounting period  ended _____________
3.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The examinations described in paragraph 2 did not disclose
 and I have no knowledge of
 the existence of any condition or event which constitutes a Termination Event or an Unmatured Termination Event
 as each such term is defined under the Agreement
 during or at the end of such accounting period or as of the date of this Certificate[
4.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Described below are the exceptions
 if any
 to paragraph 3 by listing
 in detail
 the nature of the condition or event
 the period during which it has existed and the action which Originator has taken
 is taking
The foregoing certifications are made and delivered this ____ day of ______________
[Originator] (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) maintains this credit and collection policy (the &#8220;Credit and Collection Policy&#8221;) as part of its business to facilitate the marketing and sale of its products to its customers.  The Company&#8217;s products include fresh and processed meats and meat products
 including sausages
 lunch meats
 bacon and specialty foods.  The Company&#8217;s products are sold to domestic and international customers on terms that are
 in general
 similar to those customarily used in the meat packing industry.  The Company&#8217;s products may be sold to customers (a) on credit in accordance with this Credit and Collection Policy or (b) for (i) cash
 (ii) wired payments in advance
 (iii) cash against documents
 (iv) payment by letter of credit
The establishment of credit for a customer of the Company is conducted applying
 in all material respects
 the same level of care as the Company has exercised in the past and requires that a customer applicant submit a completed credit application to the Company&#8217;s Credit Department.  The credit application requires that the applicant provide its name
 address
 phone and fax numbers
 principals
 federal tax identification number
 state or provincial tax exemption number
 type of business
 bank information
The Company&#8217;s Credit Department will use credit investigation resources available in the marketplace to gather credit information on a customer applicant in order to conduct a credit investigation.  Once the investigation is complete on a customer applicant
Terms for domestic customers who are extended credit shall be Net 30 days or earlier.  The Company
 from time to time
 establish more restrictive terms for particular categories of customers or product types. In any case
International customers in the G-7 Nations
 Puerto Rico
 Virgin Islands
 Mexico
 Bermuda
 Bahamas
 Dominican Republic
 Honduras
 Australia
 Denmark
Each customer&#8217;s credit terms and credit limits are recorded in the Company&#8217;s purchase order system and when a customer&#8217;s account is past due or over its credit limit
 such customer&#8217;s purchase orders are placed on hold.  Purchase orders that have been placed on hold are reviewed by the credit representative that is assigned to such account.  When a purchase order is placed on credit hold
 an automated notice is sent via email to the assigned sales representative informing him that the purchase order is on hold.  The assigned sales representative is responsible to investigate the reason which gives rise to such a hold notice
 notifies the customer and discusses with the Company&#8217;s Credit Department his findings.  A determination by the Credit Department is then made whether to release the held purchase order or not.  Customers who are late in paying are notified and if the lateness in payment is not corrected
Every week the Company&#8217;s Credit Department runs reports of all delinquent customers and distributes such reports to the credit manager
 the assistant credit managers and each responsible credit representative.  A credit analyst in some cases supports each assistant credit manager and helps pursue delinquent customer invoices.  Delinquent customers are repeatedly contacted by the Company&#8217;s credit representatives by telephone
 email and written correspondence to request prompt payment of overdue amounts.  Further
 actions are taken with respect to customers which remain seriously delinquent. The Company shall
 in all material respects
[____]
.  FOR VALUE RECEIVED
 the undersigned
 Smithfield Receivables Funding LLC
)
 hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the order of [ORIGINATOR NAME]
)
 in lawful money of the United States of America and in immediately available funds
 on or before the date following the applicable Termination Date which is one day after the date on which (i) the Outstanding Balance of all Receivables sold by Originator under the &#8220;Sale Agreement&#8221; referred to below has been reduced to zero and (ii) Originator has paid to Buyer all indemnities
)
 the aggregate unpaid principal sum outstanding of all &#8220;Subordinated Loans&#8221; made from time to time by Originator to SPV pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of that certain Amended and Restated Receivables Sale Agreement dated as of January 31
 2013 among Smithfield Foods
 Inc.
 SFFC
 Inc.
 Originator and certain of its affiliates and SPV
 as Buyer (as amended
 restated
 supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time
. SPV further promises to pay interest on the outstanding unpaid principal amount hereof from the date hereof until payment in full hereof at a rate equal to the LIBO Rate on the first Business Day of each fiscal month (or portion thereof) during the term of this Subordinated Note
provided
 however
 that if SPV shall default in the payment of any principal hereof
 SPV promises to pay
 on demand
 interest at a rate equal to the Default Rate on any such unpaid amounts
provided
 however
 that SPV may elect on the date any interest payment is due hereunder to defer such payment and upon such election the amount of interest due but unpaid on such date shall constitute principal under this Subordinated Note. The outstanding principal of any loan made under this Subordinated Note shall be due and payable on the Collection Date and may be repaid or prepaid at any time without premium or penalty.  For the purposes of this Subordinated Note
&#32;shall mean the rate per annum determined on the basis of the offered rate for one month deposits in U.S. dollars
 which rate appears on a Bloomberg L.P. terminal
that if no such offered rate appears on such page
 the LIBO Rate will be the arithmetic average (rounded upwards
 if necessary
 to the next higher 1/100th of 1%) of rates quoted by not less than two major banks in New York
 New York
selected by SPV
 at approximately 10:00 a.m.(New York City time) on such Business Day
.  SPV shall be permitted to prepay the principal amount hereof in whole or part at any time without payment of any penalty
 fee or premium.  Originator is authorized and directed by SPV to enter on the grid attached hereto
 or
 at its option
 in its books and records
 the date and amount of each loan made by it which is evidenced by this Subordinated Note and the amount of each payment of principal made by SPV
 and absent manifest error
that neither the failure of Originator to make any such entry or any error therein shall expand
.  Originator shall have the right to receive
 and SPV shall make
that
 after giving effect to any such payment or prepayment
 the aggregate Outstanding Balance of Receivables (as each such term is defined in the Credit and Security Agreement hereinafter referred to) at such time exceeds the sum of (a) the Obligations (as defined in the Credit and Security Agreement) outstanding at such time under the Credit and Security Agreement
 plus (b) the aggregate outstanding principal balance of all loans made under this Subordinated Note.  Originator hereby agrees that at any time during which the conditions set forth in the proviso of the immediately preceding sentence shall not be satisfied
 Originator shall be subordinate in right of payment to the prior payment of any indebtedness or obligation of SPV owing to the Administrative Agent or any Lender under that certain Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement dated as of January 31
 2013 by and among SPV
 Smithfield Foods
 Inc.
 as servicer
 the Lenders and Co-Agents from time to time party thereto and Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
 New York Branch
 as the Administrative Agent and the letter of credit issuer (as amended
 restated
 supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time
).  The subordination provisions contained herein are for the direct benefit of
 and may be enforced by
 the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and/or any of their respective assignees (collectively
) under the Credit and Security Agreement.  Until the date on which the Aggregate Principal outstanding under the Credit and Security Agreement has been repaid in full and all other obligations of SPV and/or the Servicer thereunder and under the Fee Letter referenced therein (all such obligations
 collectively
) have been indefeasibly paid and satisfied in full
&#32;of the Sale Agreement unless and until the Collection Date has occurred.  Should any payment
 distribution or security or proceeds thereof be received by Originator in violation of this Section 4
 Originator agrees that such payment shall be segregated
 received and held in trust for the benefit of
 and deemed to be the property of
&#32;of the Sale Agreement involving SPV as debtor
any such proceeding
 whether or not any or all of such Interest is an allowable claim in any such proceeding) before Originator is entitled to receive payment on account of this Subordinated Note
 and to that end
 any payment or distribution of assets of SPV of any kind or character
 whether in cash
 securities or other property
 in any applicable insolvency proceeding
 which would otherwise be payable to or deliverable upon or with respect to any or all indebtedness under this Subordinated Note
 is hereby assigned to and shall be paid or delivered by the Person making such payment or delivery (whether a trustee in bankruptcy
 a receiver
 custodian or liquidating trustee or otherwise) directly to the Administrative Agent for application to
 or as collateral for the payment of
THIS SUBORDINATED NOTE HAS BEEN MADE AND DELIVERED IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK
 AND SHALL BE INTERPRETED AND THE RIGHTS AND LIABILITIES OF THE PARTIES HERETO DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS AND DECISIONS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.  WHEREVER POSSIBLE EACH PROVISION OF THIS SUBORDINATED NOTE SHALL BE INTERPRETED IN SUCH MANNER AS TO BE EFFECTIVE AND VALID UNDER APPLICABLE LAW
 BUT IF ANY PROVISION OF THIS SUBORDINATED NOTE SHALL BE PROHIBITED BY OR INVALID UNDER APPLICABLE LAW
 SUCH PROVISION SHALL BE INEFFECTIVE TO THE EXTENT OF SUCH PROHIBITION OR INVALIDITY
.  All parties hereto
 whether as makers
 endorsers
 or otherwise
 severally waive presentment for payment
 demand
.  This Subordinated Note may not be assigned
 pledged or otherwise transferred to any party other than Originator without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent
that Originator shall be permitted to pledge or collaterally assign all of its right
By: SFFC
 Inc.
Executed copies of the Agreement
(a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;A copy of the resolutions of the Board of Directors of such Transferor
 authorizing such Transferor&#8217;s execution
(b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;A copy of the Organizational Documents of such Transferor (also certified
 to the extent that such documents are filed with any Governmental Authority
(c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Good Standing Certificates for such Transferor issued by the Secretaries of State or similar authority of its jurisdiction of organization and
 for each Originator
Pre-filing state and federal tax lien
 judgment lien and UCC lien searches against each Transferor (but if reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent against Smithfield and each Originator)
 from the appropriate filing offices in each such entity&#8217;s jurisdiction of organization
Financing statements
 in form suitable for filing under the UCC and the PPSA on or before the closing date
 in each Originator&#8217;s and
 if reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent to be necessary or advisable
A favorable opinion of legal counsel for the Transferors licensed to give opinions under Delaware law (or in the case of the Canadian Originator
(a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Due organization
 valid existence
(c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Due authorization
 execution
(d)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;No filings (other than financing statements) or consents required and noncontravention of applicable laws
 Organization Documents
(h)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Valid creation
(j)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Such Transferor is not an &#8220;investment company&#8221; as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940
As of the Commencement Date with respect to the Canadian Originator and as of the date hereof with respect to each other Transferor
 a &#8220;true sale/absolute assignment&#8221; opinion of counsel for the Transferors with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Agreement (including in the case of the Canadian Originator
A Certificate of a Financial Officer of Smithfield certifying that
 as of the closing date
Executed copies of (i) all consents from and authorizations by any Persons and (ii) all waivers and amendments to existing credit facilities
If applicable
 a direction letter executed by each Transferor authorizing Buyer (and the Administrative Agent) and directing warehousemen to allow Buyer (and the Administrative Agent) to inspect and make copies from such Transferor&#8217;s books and 














		


dated as of March 20
and among Smithfield Foods
 Inc.
&#8221;)
 SFFC
 Inc.
&#8221;)
 each of Farmland Foods
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 Smithfield of Canada
 Ltd.
 a company incorporated under the laws of Canada
 The Smithfield Packing Company
 Incorporated
 a Delaware corporation
 Premium Pet Health
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company
 Patrick Cudahy
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company
 John Morrell &amp; Co.
 a Delaware corporation
 Smithfield Global Products
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 and Armour-Eckrich Meats LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company and such other Originators that may become party to the Original Agreement with the consent of the Administrative Agent (each
 unless excluded from the Original Agreement as an Excluded Originator in accordance therewith
) 
 and Smithfield Receivables Funding LLC
).  Each of Smithfield
 SFFC
WHEREAS
 each of the Parties is a party to that certain Amended and Restated Receivables Sale Agreement dated as of January 31
 2013 among Smithfield
 SFFC
WHEREAS
 subsequent to the execution and delivery of the Original Agreement
WHEREAS
WHEREAS
NOW
 THEREFORE
 in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements herein set forth
.  With effect from January 31
 2013
&#8220;(i)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;(a) in the case of an In-Transit Receivable
 a security interest in the applicable Originator&#8217;s In-Transit Collateral relating thereto or (b) in the case of a Receivable other than an In-Transit Receivable
 all of the applicable Originator&#8217;s interest in the inventory and goods (including returned or repossessed inventory or goods)
 if any
 the sale
of which by such Originator gave rise to such Receivable
 and
 in either case
 all insurance contracts with respect thereto
.  Except as expressly set forth herein
 this First Amendment shall not alter
 modify
 amend or in any way affect any of the terms
 conditions
 obligations
 covenants or agreements contained in the Original Agreement
.  On and after the effective date of this First Amendment
 each reference in the Original Agreement to &#8220;this Agreement&#8221;
 &#8220;hereunder&#8221;
 &#8220;hereof&#8221;
 &#8220;herein&#8221; and words of similar import referring to the Original Agreement
 and each reference in the other Transaction Documents to the &#8220;Sale Agreement&#8221;
 &#8220;thereunder&#8221;
 &#8220;thereof&#8221; or words of similar import referring to the Original Agreement
 shall mean a reference to the Original Agreement
Section 2.1&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Each of Smithfield
 SFFC and each Originator represents and warrants to Buyer on the date hereof that it has duly authorized
 executed and delivered this First Amendment and that this First Amendment constitutes a legal
 valid and binding obligation of such Party
 enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms (except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy
 insolvency
Section 2.2&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Each of Smithfield
 SFFC and each Originator further represents and warrants to Buyer that
.  No provision of this First Amendment may be amended
counterparts
.  Sections 7.4
 7.7
 7.8
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
SMITHFIELD FOODS
SFFC
FARMLAND FOODS
THE SMITHFIELD PACKING COMPANY
SMITHFIELD GLOBAL PRODUCTS
PREMIUM PET HEALTH
PATRICK CUDAHY
SMITHFIELD OF CANADA
/s/ Robert W. Manly
Name: Robert W. Manly
SMITHFIELD RECEIVABLES FUNDING
By: SFFC
 Inc.
CO&#214;PERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN-BOERENLEENBANK B.A.
 &#8220;RABOBANK NEDERLAND&#8221;
 NEW YORK BRANCH
 AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT














		


dated as of May 31
and among Smithfield Foods
 Inc.
&#8221;)
 SFFC
 Inc.
&#8221;)
 each of Farmland Foods
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 Smithfield of Canada
 Ltd.
 a company incorporated under the laws of Canada
 The Smithfield Packing Company
 Incorporated
 a Delaware corporation
 Premium Pet Health
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company
 Patrick Cudahy
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company
 John Morrell &amp; Co.
 a Delaware corporation
 Smithfield Global Products
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 Armour-Eckrich Meats LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company
 Smithfield Specialty Foods Group
 LLC
&#8221;)
 and American Skin Food Group
 LLC
&#8221;)
 and such other Originators that may become party to the Original Agreement with the consent of the Administrative Agent (each
 unless excluded from the Original Agreement as an Excluded Originator in accordance therewith
) 
 and Smithfield Receivables Funding LLC
).  Each of Smithfield
 SFFC
WHEREAS
) is a party to that certain Amended and Restated Receivables Sale Agreement dated as of January 31
 2013 among Smithfield
 SFFC
) and Buyer (as amended prior to the date hereof
WHEREAS
WHEREAS
NOW
 THEREFORE
 in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements herein set forth
.  With effect from May 1
American Skin
&#8220;(ii) at the request of one or more Originators (other than the Canadian Originator)
 by causing the Letter of Credit Issuer to issue a Letter of Credit
 subject to the terms and conditions (including any limitations therein on the amount of any such issuance) for issuing Letters of Credit under the Credit and Security Agreement
 in favor of one or more beneficiaries selected by such Originator(s) in the stated amount requested by such Originator(s) (or
 if applicable and permitted by the Credit and Security Agreement
 by causing the expiration date of an existing Letter of Credit to be extended at the request of such Originator(s))
 in which event the face amount of each such Letter of Credit shall be applied as a payment of the Purchase Price payable by Buyer to such Originator(s) and
 in the event of a request by more than one such Originator
Section 1.7 of the Original Agreement shall be hereby amended by deleting each reference to &#8220;US Originator&#8221; therein
Section 2.1(o) of the Original Agreement shall be hereby amended by inserting the words &#8220;(other than American Skin Food Group
&#8221; means
 (i) with respect to the US Originators
 June 21
 2011
 being the date set forth in the notice from Buyer to the US Originators
 Smithfield and SFFC
 with a copy to the Administrative Agent
 dated June 15
 2011 and stating that Buyer is prepared to accept the contribution of the Initial Contributed Assets on such date
 (ii) with respect to American Skin Food Group
 LLC and Smithfield Specialty Foods Group
 LLC
 May 1
 2013
 and (iii) with respect to the Canadian Originator
 the date set forth in the notice from Buyer to the Originators
 Smithfield and SFFC
 with a copy to the Administrative Agent
&#8221; means any Originator other than the Canadian Originator
 American Skin Food Group
 LLC and Smithfield Specialty Foods Group
.  Each of Specialty Foods and American Skin hereby acknowledges the Original Agreement and acknowledges
 agrees and confirms that
 by its execution of this Second Amendment
 it will be deemed to be an Originator under the Original Agreement
 as amended by this Second Amendment
 and shall have all of the obligations of an Originator thereunder as if it had executed the Original Agreement
.  Except as expressly set forth herein
 this Second Amendment shall not alter
 modify
 amend or in any way affect any of the terms
 conditions
 obligations
 covenants or agreements contained in the Original Agreement
.  On and after the effective date of this Second Amendment
 each reference in the Original Agreement to &#8220;this Agreement&#8221;
 &#8220;hereunder&#8221;
 &#8220;hereof&#8221;
 &#8220;herein&#8221; and words of similar import referring to the Original Agreement
 and each reference in the other Transaction Documents to the &#8220;Sale Agreement&#8221;
 &#8220;thereunder&#8221;
 &#8220;thereof&#8221; or words of similar import referring to the Original Agreement
 shall mean a reference to the Original Agreement
Section 2.1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Each of Smithfield
 SFFC and each Originator represents and warrants to Buyer on the date hereof that it has duly authorized
 executed and delivered this Second Amendment and that this Second Amendment constitutes a legal
 valid and binding obligation of such Party
 enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms (except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy
 insolvency
Section 2.2.       Each of Smithfield
 SFFC and each Originator further represents and warrants to Buyer that
.  No provision of this Second Amendment may be amended
counterparts
.  Sections 7.4
 7.7
 7.8
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
SMITHFIELD FOODS
SFFC
FARMLAND FOODS
THE SMITHFIELD PACKING COMPANY
SMITHFIELD GLOBAL PRODUCTS
PREMIUM PET HEALTH
PATRICK CUDAHY
SMITHFIELD SPECIALTY FOODS GROUP
AMERICAN SKIN FOOD GROUP
Title:   Vice President
SMITHFIELD OF CANADA
/s/ Robert W. Manly
Name:  Robert W. Manly
SMITHFIELD RECEIVABLES FUNDING
By: SFFC
 Inc.
CO&#214;PERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN-BOERENLEENBANK B.A.
 &#8220;RABOBANK NEDERLAND&#8221;
 NEW YORK BRANCH
Locations of Records:  3411 Silverside Rd
 103 Baynard Bldg
 Wilmington
Legal
SFFC
Locations of Records:  103 Baynard Building
 3411 Silverside Road
 Wilmington
Legal
FARMLAND FOODS
Locations of Records:  11500 NW Ambassador Drive
 Suite 500
 Kansas City
Legal
Farmland Foods
Locations of Records:  805 East Kemper Road
Legal
Locations of Records:  4225 Naperville Road
 Suite 600
 Naperville
Legal
PREMIUM PET HEALTH
Locations of Records:  1485 E. 61st Ave.
 Denver
Legal
PATRICK CUDAHY
Locations of Records:  One Sweet Apple-Wood Lane
 Cudahy
Legal
&#32;Formerly known as Patcud Merger Sub
 LLC.  Patrick Cudahy Incorporated
 PC Express
 Inc. and 814 Americas
 Inc. merged into Patrick Cudahy
SMITHFIELD PACKING COMPANY
Locations of Records:  111 Commerce Street
 Smithfield
Legal
SMITHFIELD GLOBAL PRODUCTS
Locations of Records:  370 East Maple Ave.
 Suite 302
 Langhorne
Legal
Place of Business: Ontario
Locations of Records: 66 Wellington Street West
 Suite 5300
 Toronto ON M5K 1E6
Legal
SMITHFIELD SPECIALTY FOODS GROUP
Locations of Records:  8012 Hankins Industrial Park Rd.
 Toano
Legal
AMERICAN SKIN FOOD GROUP
Locations of Records:  140 Industrial Drive
 Burgaw
Legal
 Trade and Assumed Names: None














		


DATED AS OF JANUARY 31
SMITHFIELD RECEIVABLES FUNDING LLC
AS BORROWER
SMITHFIELD FOODS
 INC.
AS SERVICER
THE LENDERS AND CO-AGENTS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO
CO&#214;PERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN-BOERENLEENBANK B.A.
 &#8220;RABOBANK NEDERLAND&#8221;
 NEW YORK BRANCH

 dated as of January 31
 2013 is entered into by and among Smithfield Receivables Funding LLC
&#8221;)
 Smithfield Foods
 Inc.
&#8221;)
&#8221; together with Borrower
&#8221; and each
&#8221;)
 Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
&#8221;)
&#8221; collectively with the Administrative Agent and Co-Agents
&#8221;)
 and the Lenders and the Co-Agents from time to time party hereto
 and amends and restates in its entirety that certain Credit and Security Agreement
 dated as of June 9
 2011
 by and among the Loan Parties
 Rabobank
Unless defined elsewhere herein
WHEREAS
 Borrower desires to borrow from the Lenders from time to time
WHEREAS
 subject to the terms and conditions hereof
 the Letter of Credit Issuer shall
 at the request of Borrower
WHEREAS
 subject to the terms and conditions hereof
 each Unaffiliated Committed Lender shall
 at the request of Borrower
WHEREAS
 the Conduits may
 in their absolute and sole discretion
 make Advances or L/C Participation Fundings to Borrower from time to time.  In the event that any Conduit declines to make its Conduit Group&#8217;s Percentage of any Advance or any L/C Participation Funding
 the applicable Conduit&#8217;s Committed Lender(s) shall
 subject to the terms and conditions hereof
 unless Borrower cancels its Borrowing Notice as to all Lenders
 make such Conduit Group&#8217;s Percentage of such Advance or L/C Participation Funding
WHEREAS
NOW THEREFORE
 in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration
 the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereof
&#32;the Letter of Credit Liability and (y) the Borrowing Base (such lesser amount
upon receipt of a copy of each Borrowing Notice from Borrower
 (A) each Unaffiliated Committed Lender severally agrees to fund a Loan in an amount equal to its Percentage of the requested Advance specified in such Borrowing Notice
 and (B) each Co-Agent belonging to a Conduit Group shall determine whether its Conduit will fund a Loan in an amount equal to its Conduit Group&#8217;s Percentage of the requested Advance specified in such Borrowing Notice.  In the event that a Conduit elects not to make any such Loan to Borrower
 the applicable Co-Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and
 unless Borrower cancels its Borrowing Notice as to all Lenders
 (1) each Unaffiliated Committed Lender severally agrees to fund a Loan in an amount equal to its Percentage of the requested Advance
that (I) at no time may the aggregate principal amount of  any Conduit Group&#8217;s Loans and Percentage of Letter of Credit Liability outstanding
 exceed the lesser of (x) the aggregate amount of such Conduit&#8217;s Committed Lenders&#8217; Commitments
 and (y) such Conduit Group&#8217;s Percentage of the Borrowing Base (such lesser amount
&#8221;)
 and (II) at no time may the aggregate principal amount of any Unaffiliated Committed Lender&#8217;s Loans and Percentage of Letter of Credit Liability outstanding exceed  the lesser of (x) such Unaffiliated Committed Lender&#8217;s Commitment and (y) such Unaffiliated Committed Lender&#8217;s Percentage of the Borrowing Base (such lesser amount
Each Advance shall be made ratably amongst the Conduit Groups and the Unaffiliated Committed Lenders
 collectively
 in accordance with their respective Percentages.  Each of the Advances
 and all other Obligations of Borrower
 shall be secured by the Collateral as provided in Article XIII.  Subject to Sections 1.6(d) and (e)
 it is the intent of the Conduits
 but not the Committed Lenders
 to fund all Advances by the issuance of Commercial Paper.  Borrower shall not make a request for more than one (1) Advance
 and no more than one (1) Advance shall occur
Borrower may
 upon at least thirty (30) Business Days&#8217; notice to the Co-Agents
 terminate in whole or reduce in part
 ratably among the Committed Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments
that each partial reduction of the Aggregate Commitment shall be in an amount equal to $20
000
000 (or a larger integral multiple of $1
000
.  Not later than 2:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the second (2nd) Business Day prior to a proposed borrowing
 Borrower shall provide the Co-Agents with written notice of each Advance in the form set forth as Exhibit II-A hereto (each
&#8221;).   Each Borrowing Notice shall be subject to Section 6.2 hereof and
 except as set forth below
 shall be irrevocable and shall specify the requested increase in Aggregate Principal (which shall not be less than $5
000
000 or a larger integral multiple of $100
000) and the Borrowing Date and the requested Interest Rate and Interest Period for any portion to be funded by any Committed Lender.  Upon receipt of a Borrowing Notice
 (a) each Unaffiliated Committed Lender severally agrees to fund a Loan in an amount equal to its Percentage of the requested Advance specified in such Borrowing Notice
 and (b) each Co-Agent shall determine whether its Conduit will fund a Loan in an amount equal to its Conduit Group&#8217;s Percentage of the requested Advance specified in such Borrowing Notice.  If a Conduit declines to make its Percentage of a proposed Advance
 Borrower may cancel the Borrowing Notice as to all Lenders or
 in the absence of such a cancellation
 the Advance will be made by each Unaffiliated Committed Lender
 each other Conduit and such Conduit&#8217;s Committed Lenders.  On the date of each Advance
 upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions precedent set forth in Article VI
 each applicable Lender will cause the proceeds of its Loan comprising a portion of such Advance to be deposited to the Facility Account
 in immediately available funds
 no later than 3:00 p.m. (New York City time)
 an amount equal to (i) in the case of a Conduit or an Unaffiliated Committed Lender
 its Percentage of the principal amount of the requested Advance or (ii) in the case of a Conduit&#8217;s Committed Lender
.  Except as provided in Section 1.4
 Borrower shall provide the Co-Agents with prior written notice by 2:00 p.m. (New York City time) of any proposed reduction of Aggregate Principal in the form of Exhibit II-B hereto in conformity with the Required Notice Period (each
&#8221;) upon which any such reduction of Aggregate Principal shall occur (which date shall give effect to the applicable Required Notice Period)
the Outstanding Balance of any Receivable is reduced as a result of any defective or rejected goods or services (including any In-Transit Collateral that is returned or not accepted by the relevant Obligor)
 any cash discount or any other adjustment by the applicable Originator or any Affiliate thereof
the Outstanding Balance of any Receivable is reduced or canceled as a result of a setoff in respect of any claim by the applicable Obligor thereof (whether such claim arises out of the same or a related or an unrelated transaction)
the Outstanding Balance of any Receivable is reduced on account of the obligation of any Originator or any Affiliate thereof to pay to the related Obligor any rebate or refund
the Outstanding Balance of any Receivable is less than the amount included in calculating the Net Pool Balance for purposes of any Monthly Report (for any reason other than receipt of Collections thereon or such Receivable becoming a Defaulted Receivable)
any of the representations or warranties of Borrower set forth in Section 5.1(i)
 (j)
 (r)
 (s)
 (t) or (u) were not true when made with respect to any Receivable
then
 on such day
 Borrower shall be deemed to have received a Collection of such Receivable in the following amounts: (A) in the case of clauses (i)-(iv) above
 in the amount of such reduction or cancellation or the difference between the actual Outstanding Balance of such Receivable and the amount included with respect to such Receivable in calculating the then applicable Net Pool Balance
 as applicable; and (B) in the case of clause (v) above
 in the amount of the Outstanding Balance of such Receivable and
 effective as of the date on which the next succeeding Monthly Report is required to be delivered
Borrower shall ensure that the Aggregate Principal at no time exceeds the Borrowing Limit.  If at any time the sum of (x) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans and (y) the Percentage of Letter of Credit Liability relating to any Unaffiliated Committed Lender or any Conduit Group exceeds such Unaffiliated Committed Lender&#8217;s or such Conduit Group&#8217;s Allocation Limit
 Borrower shall prepay such Loans by wire transfer to the applicable Co-Agent received not later than 12:00 noon (New York City time) on the next succeeding Settlement Date in an amount sufficient to eliminate such excess
 together with accrued and unpaid interest on the amount prepaid (as allocated by the applicable Co-Agent)
.  All amounts to be paid or deposited by any Loan Party pursuant to any provision of this Agreement shall be paid or deposited in accordance with the terms hereof no later than 12:00 noon (New York City time) on the day when due in immediately available funds
 and if not received before 12:00 noon (New York City time) shall be deemed to be received on the next succeeding Business Day.  For the avoidance of doubt
 the delivery times referenced in the preceding sentence shall only apply to the payment of amounts due and payable by the Loan Parties.  If such amounts are payable to a Lender they shall be paid to the applicable Payment Account
 for the account of such Lender
 until otherwise notified by such Lender.  The fees of the Lenders shall be invoiced and paid on a monthly basis pursuant to Article II hereof.  All computations of CP Costs
 Interest at the LIBO Rate
&#32;fees calculated as part of any CP Costs
&#32;fees under the Fee Letter and the L/C Fee Letter shall be made on the basis of a year of 360 days for the actual number of days elapsed.  All computations of Interest at the Alternate Base Rate
 the Adjusted Federal Funds Rate or the Default Rate shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days
 when appropriate) for the actual number of days elapsed.  If any amount hereunder shall be payable on a day which is not a Business Day
Each Advance hereunder shall be made ratably by the Unaffiliated Committed Lenders and the Conduit Groups
 collectively
While it is the intent of each Conduit (but not of any Committed Lender) to fund and maintain its Percentage of each requested Advance through the issuance of Commercial Paper
 the parties acknowledge that if any Conduit is unable
 or determines that it is undesirable
 to issue Commercial Paper to fund all or any portion of its Loans
 or is unable to repay such Commercial Paper upon the maturity thereof
 such Conduit shall put all or any portion of its Loans to the Committed Lenders in its Conduit Group at any time pursuant to its applicable Liquidity Agreement to finance or refinance the necessary portion of its Loans through a Liquidity Funding to the extent available.  The Liquidity Fundings may be Alternate Base Rate Loans
 Adjusted Federal Funds Rate Loans or LIBO Rate Loans
 or a combination thereof
constitutes the direct funding of a Loan
 an assignment of a Loan made by a Conduit or the sale of one or more participations in a Loan made by a Conduit
.  (i) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof: (A) the Letter of Credit Issuer agrees
 in reliance upon the agreements of the Lenders set forth in this Section 1.7: (1) from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the Closing Date until the Letter of Credit Expiration Date
 to issue Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars for the account of the Borrower
 in aggregate face amounts that shall be not less than $100
000 or such lesser amount as shall be acceptable to the Letter of Credit Issuer
 as the Borrower may request
 and to amend or extend Letters of Credit previously issued by it; and (2) to honor drawings under the Letters of Credit; and (B) the Committed Lenders severally agree to participate in Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Borrower and any drawings thereunder; provided that the Borrower may not request
 and the Letter of Credit Issuer shall have no obligation to effect
 any L/C Credit Extension unless (1) the conditions precedent set forth in Section 6.2 are satisfied
 and (2) after giving effect to such L/C Credit Extension the Aggregate Principal will not exceed the Borrowing Limit.  Within the foregoing limits
 and subject to the terms and conditions hereof
 the Borrower&#8217;s ability to obtain Letters of Credit shall be fully revolving
 and accordingly the Borrower may
 during the foregoing period
The Letter of Credit Issuer shall not issue any Letter of Credit
 if: (A) subject to Section 1.7(b)(iii)
 the expiry date of such Letter of Credit would occur later than the close of business on the earlier of (x) the date twelve months after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or
 in the case of any renewal or extension thereof
 twelve months after the then-current expiration date of such Letter of Credit
Credit Issuer has received written notice from a Co-Agent that an Unmatured Event of Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; or (C) after giving effect to such L/C Credit Extension
The Letter of Credit Issuer shall be under no obligation to issue any Letter of Credit only if: (A) any order
 judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the Letter of Credit Issuer from issuing such Letter of Credit
 or any requirement of law applicable to the Letter of Credit Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the Letter of Credit Issuer shall prohibit
 or request that the Letter of Credit Issuer refrain from
 the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon the Letter of Credit Issuer with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction
 reserve or capital requirement (for which the Letter of Credit Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the date hereof
 or shall impose upon the Letter of Credit Issuer any unreimbursed loss
 cost or expense which was not applicable on the date hereof and which the Letter of Credit Issuer in good faith deems material to it; (B) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate any requirement of law or one or more policies of the Letter of Credit Issuer; (C) such Letter of Credit is to be denominated in a currency other than Dollars; or (D) a default of any Lender&#8217;s obligations hereunder exists or any Committed Lender does not have a short term debt rating of at least A-1 by S&amp;P and P-1 by Moody&#8217;s
(v)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;It is understood that the Borrower shall be permitted to request Letters of Credit hereunder that contain a requirement that the stated amount of the Letter of Credit be reinstated following a drawing thereunder
 and that such reinstatement of all or any portion of the Letter of Credit shall not be treated as the issuance of a new Letter of Credit
 or an amendment
 renewal or extension of such existing Letter of Credit
 for any purpose hereunder or under the L/C Fee Letter; provided
 for the avoidance of doubt
Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended
 as the case may be
 upon the request of the Borrower delivered to the Letter of Credit Issuer (with a copy to each Co-Agent) in the form of a Request for Letter of Credit and a Letter of Credit Application
 each appropriately completed and signed by an Authorized Officer of the Borrower.  Such Request for Letter of Credit and Letter of Credit Application must be received by the Letter of Credit Issuer and each Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York time) at least five (5) Business Days prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment
 as the case may be
 or such later date and time as each Co-Agent and the Letter of Credit Issuer may agree in a particular instance in their sole discretion.  In the case of a request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit
 such Request of Letter of Credit and Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the Letter of Credit Issuer:  (A) the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day); (B) the amount thereof; (C) the expiry date thereof; (D) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof; (E) the documents
 if any
 to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (F) the full text of any certificate to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; and (G) such other matters as the Letter of Credit Issuer may reasonably require.  In the case of a request for an amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit
 the related Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the Letter of Credit Issuer:  (1) the Letter of Credit to be amended; (2) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall be a Business Day); (3) the nature of the proposed amendment; and (4) such other matters as the Letter of Credit Issuer may reasonably require.  Additionally
 the Borrower shall furnish to the Letter of Credit Issuer and the Administrative Agent such other documents and information pertaining to such requested Letter of Credit issuance or amendment
Promptly after receipt of any Letter of Credit Application
 the Letter of Credit Issuer will confirm with each Co-Agent (by telephone or in writing) that such Co-Agent has received a copy of such Letter of Credit Application from the Borrower and
 if not
 the Letter of Credit Issuer will provide such Co-Agent with a copy thereof.  The Letter of Credit Issuer shall also promptly (and in any event on the same day) notify each Co-Agent (which in turn shall promptly notify its related Committed Lenders) of the Request for Letter of Credit and Letter of Credit Application and the terms thereof.  Unless the Letter of Credit Issuer has received written notice from any Co-Agent
 the Servicer or the Borrower
 at least one (1) Business Day prior to the requested date of issuance or amendment of the applicable Letter of Credit
 that any applicable condition precedent contained in Section 6.2 shall not then be satisfied
 then
 subject to the terms and conditions hereof
 the Letter of Credit Issuer shall
 on the requested date
 issue a Letter of Credit for the account of the Borrower or enter into the applicable amendment
 as the case may be
If the Borrower so requests in any applicable Letter of Credit Application
 the Letter of Credit Issuer may
 in its sole and absolute discretion
 agree to issue a Letter of Credit that has automatic extension provisions (each
&#8221;) in each such twelve-month period to be agreed upon at the time such Letter of Credit is issued.  Unless otherwise directed by the Letter of Credit Issuer
 the Borrower shall not be required to make a specific request to the Letter of Credit Issuer for any such extension.  Once an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has been issued
 the Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the Letter of Credit Issuer to permit the extension of such Letter of Credit at any time to an expiry date not later than the Letter of Credit Expiration Date; 
however
&#32;that the Letter of Credit Issuer shall not permit any such extension if: (A) the Letter of Credit Issuer has determined that it would not be permitted
 or would have no obligation
 at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its revised form (as extended) under the terms hereof (by reason of the provisions of clauses (i)
 (ii) or (iii) of Section 1.7(a) or otherwise); or (B) it has received notice (which may be by telephone or in writing) on or before the day that is five (5) Business Days before the Non-Extension Notice Date from the Administrative Agent that it elects not to permit such extension
Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect thereto or to the beneficiary thereof
Whenever the Letter of Credit Issuer issues a Letter of Credit
 each Committed Lender shall
 automatically and without further action of any kind upon the effective date of issuance of such Letter of Credit
 have irrevocably (i) agreed to acquire a participation interest therein in an amount equal to the applicable Percentage of the Letter of Credit Liability attributable to such Letter of Credit and (ii) committed to make an Advance equal to the applicable Percentage of the applicable reimbursement amount in the event that such Letter of Credit is subsequently drawn and such drawn amount shall not have been reimbursed by the Borrower upon such draw or an Advance with respect to such unreimbursed draw is not made by such Committed Lender&#8217;s related Conduit or a L/C Participation Funding.  In the event that any Letter of Credit expires or is surrendered to the Letter of Credit Issuer without being drawn (in whole or in part) then
 in such event
amount of the Letter of Credit which is no longer outstanding.  Each Lender shall share in all rights and obligations resulting therefrom in accordance with such participation interest
 including: (i) the right to receive from the Administrative Agent its share of any reimbursement of the amount of each draft drawn under each Letter of Credit
Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any notice of a drawing under such Letter of Credit
&#8221;)
 the Borrower shall reimburse the Letter of Credit Issuer in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing.  If the Borrower fails to so reimburse the Letter of Credit Issuer by such time
 the Letter of Credit Issuer shall promptly notify each Co-Agent of the Honor Date
&#8221;)
 and the amount of each Lender&#8217;s Percentage thereof.  Prior to the Facility Termination Date
 and so long as the conditions precedent set forth in Section 6.2 are satisfied
If the Letter of Credit Issuer so notifies a Co-Agent prior to 11:30 a.m. (New York time) on any Business Day
 such Co-Agent shall make available to the Administrative Agent
 for the account of the Letter of Credit Issuer
 the applicable Percentage of the Unreimbursed Amount by 4:30 p.m. (New York time) on such Business Day (or a subsequent day specified by the Administrative Agent) in immediately available funds.  If the Letter of Credit Issuer or the Administrative Agent so notifies a Co-Agent after 11:00 a.m. (New York time) on any Business Day
 such Co-Agent shall make available to the Administrative Agent
 for the account of the Letter of Credit Issuer the applicable Percentage of the Unreimbursed Amount by 12:00 noon (New York time) on the next Business Day (or a subsequent day specified by the Administrative Agent) in immediately available funds.  If any amounts have been deposited into a segregated interest-bearing cash collateral account for the purpose of Cash Collateralizing the Letter of Credit Liability
under the Letters of Credit prior to notifying the Co-Agents of the need for an Advance with respect thereto.  Lenders may conclusively rely on the Letter of Credit Issuer as to the amount due the Administrative Agent by reason of any draft of a Letter of Credit or due the Letter of Credit Issuer under any Letter of Credit Application.  Each Conduit may (but is not committed to) fund an amount required to be paid by its Conduit Group under this Section 1.7.  If any Conduit does not fund such amount
 each Committed Lender in such Conduit&#8217;s Conduit Group shall fund such amount.  Each Unaffiliated Committed Lender shall fund an amount required to be paid by it under this Section 1.7.  For the avoidance of doubt
With respect to any Unreimbursed Amount that is not fully refinanced by an Advance because the conditions set forth in Section 6.2 cannot be satisfied or for any other reason
 the Borrower shall be deemed to have incurred from the Letter of Credit Issuer an L/C Funding in the amount of the Unreimbursed Amount that is not so refinanced
 which L/C Funding shall be due and payable on demand (together with interest) and shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus 2.0%.  In such event
 each Conduit Group&#8217;s and Unaffiliated Committed Lender&#8217;s payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Letter of Credit Issuer pursuant to this Section 1.7(c) shall be deemed payment in respect of its participation in such L/C Funding and shall constitute an L/C Participation Funding from the applicable Unaffiliated Committed Lenders or the applicable Lenders in such Conduit Group
 as applicable
Until each applicable Lender funds its Advance or L/C Participation Funding pursuant to this Section 1.7(c) to reimburse the Letter of Credit Issuer for any amount drawn under any Letter of Credit
Each Committed Lender&#8217;s obligation to make L/C Participation Fundings to reimburse the Letter of Credit Issuer for amounts drawn under Letters of Credit
 as contemplated by this Section 1.7(c)
 shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance
 including:  (A) any set-off
 counterclaim
 recoupment
 defense or other right which such Lender may have against the Letter of Credit Issuer
 the Borrower
 or any other Person for any reason whatsoever; (B) the occurrence or continuance of an Unmatured Event of Default or an Event of Default; or (C) any other occurrence
 event or condition
 whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. No such making of an L/C Participation Funding shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the Letter of Credit Issuer for the amount of any payment made by the Letter of Credit Issuer under any Letter of Credit
If any Committed Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Letter of Credit Issuer any amount required to be paid by such Committed Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.7(c) by the time specified in Section 1.7(c)(ii)
 the Letter of Credit Issuer shall be entitled to recover from such Committed Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent)
 on demand
At any time after the Letter of Credit Issuer has made a payment under any Letter of Credit and has received from any Lender such Lender&#8217;s L/C Participation Funding in respect of such payment in accordance with Section 1.7(c)
 if the Administrative Agent receives for the account of the Letter of Credit Issuer any payment in respect of the related Unreimbursed Amount or interest thereon (whether directly from the Borrower or otherwise
 including proceeds of cash collateral applied thereto by the Administrative Agent)
 the Administrative Agent will distribute to such Lender its Percentage thereof (appropriately adjusted
 in the case of interest payments
If any payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account of the Letter of Credit Issuer pursuant to Section 1.7(c) or otherwise in respect of any Letter of Credit Liability is rescinded
 set aside or otherwise required to be returned or paid over to another Person for any reason (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Letter of Credit Issuer in its discretion)
 each Committed Lender shall
 and each Conduit may (and if a Conduit does not
 the Committed Lenders in its Conduit Group shall)
 pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Letter of Credit Issuer the Pro Rata Share (in the case of a Committed Lender) of the related Percentage thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent
 plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned by such Lender
. The obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the Letter of Credit Issuer for each drawing under each Letter of Credit and to repay each L/C Funding shall be absolute
 unconditional and irrevocable
 and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances
any lack of validity or enforceability of such Letter of Credit
 this Agreement
the existence of any claim
 counterclaim
 set-off
 defense or other right that the Borrower may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting)
 the Letter of Credit Issuer or any other Person
 whether in connection with this Agreement
 the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto
any draft
 demand
 certificate or other document presented under such Letter of Credit proving to be forged
 fraudulent
any payment by the Letter of Credit Issuer under such Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or certificate that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit; or any payment made by the Letter of Credit Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy
 debtor-in-possession
 assignee for the benefit of creditors
 liquidator
 receiver or other representative of or successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit
 including any arising in connection with any proceeding under any applicable bankruptcy
 insolvency
 reorganization
 debt arrangement
any other circumstance or happening whatsoever
 whether or not similar to any of the foregoing
 including any other circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available to
 or a discharge of
The Borrower shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and
 in the event of any claim of noncompliance with the Borrower&#8217;s instructions or other irregularity
.  Each Lender and the Borrower agree that
 in paying any drawing under a Letter of Credit
 the Letter of Credit Issuer shall not have any responsibility to obtain any document (other than any sight draft
 certificates and documents expressly required by the Letter of Credit) or to ascertain or inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any such document or the authority of the Person executing or delivering any such document.  None of the Letter of Credit Issuer
 any Agent
 or any Affiliates
 officers
 directors
 employees
 agents and attorneys-in-fact of such Persons and their respective Affiliates
 nor any of the respective correspondents
 participants or assignees of the Letter of Credit Issuer shall be liable to any Lender or any other Person for: (i) any action taken or omitted in connection herewith at the request or with the approval of the Required Committed Lenders; (ii) any action taken or omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct; or (iii) the due execution
 effectiveness
 validity or enforceability of any document or instrument related to any Letter of Credit or Letter of Credit Application.  The Borrower hereby assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee with respect to its use of any Letter of Credit; 
however
&#32;that this assumption is not intended to
 and shall not
 preclude the Borrower&#8217;s pursuing such rights and remedies as it may have against the beneficiary or transferee at law or under any other agreement.  None of the Letter of Credit Issuer
 any Agent
 or any Affiliates
 officers
 directors
 employees
 agents and attorneys-in-fact of such Persons and their respective Affiliates
 nor any of the respective correspondents
 participants or assignees of the Letter of Credit Issuer
 shall be liable or responsible for any of the matters described in clauses (i) through (v) of Section 1.7(e); 
however
&#32;that anything in such clauses to the contrary notwithstanding
 the Borrower may have a claim against the Letter of Credit Issuer
 and the Letter of Credit Issuer may be liable to the Borrower
 to the extent
 but only to the extent
 of any direct
 as opposed to consequential or exemplary
 damages suffered by the Borrower which the Borrower proves were caused by the Letter of Credit Issuer&#8217;s willful misconduct or gross negligence or the Letter of Credit Issuer&#8217;s willful failure to pay under any Letter of Credit after the presentation to it by the beneficiary of a sight draft and certificate(s) strictly complying with the terms and conditions of a Letter of Credit.  In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing
 the Letter of Credit Issuer may accept documents that appear on their face to be in order
 without responsibility for further investigation
 regardless of any notice or information to the contrary
 and the Letter of Credit Issuer shall not be responsible for the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign a Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof
 in whole or in part
.  Upon the request of the Administrative Agent:  (A) if the Letter of Credit Issuer has honored any full or partial drawing request under any Letter of Credit and such drawing has resulted in an L/C Funding; or (B) if
 as of the Letter of Credit Expiration Date
 any Letter of Credit for any reason remains outstanding and partially or wholly undrawn
 the Borrower shall immediately Cash Collateralize the then-outstanding amount of the Letter of Credit Liability (determined as of the date of such L/C Funding or the Letter of Credit Expiration Date
 as the case may be).  In the event that
 notwithstanding the foregoing
amount of the Letter of Credit Liability as required pursuant to clause (B) of the immediately preceding sentence within one (1) Business Day of the Letter of Credit Expiration Date
 each Conduit Group and Unaffiliated Committed Lender agrees to immediately pay to the Administrative Agent the amount needed to Cash Collateralize its Percentage of such amount
 which amount shall be deemed to be an L/C Participation Funding for all purposes hereunder.  In addition to the foregoing
&#8221; means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent
 for the benefit of the Letter of Credit Issuer
 as collateral for the Letter of Credit Liability
 cash or deposit account balances in Dollars pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Letter of Credit Issuer in an amount equal to the Letter of Credit Liability plus accrued and unpaid interest and fees and expected future interest and fees with respect thereto. Derivatives of such term have corresponding meanings.  The Borrower hereby grants to the Administrative Agent
 for the benefit of the Letter of Credit Issuer and the Lenders
 a security interest in all such cash
 deposit accounts and all balances therein and all proceeds of the foregoing.  Cash collateral shall be maintained in blocked
 interest bearing deposit accounts at Rabobank or another institution acceptable to the Administrative Agent (provided that upon the occurrence of an Unmatured Event of Default or an Event of Default
 any such interest accrued to the date thereof shall be applied as additional compensation to the Letter of Credit Issuer).  Unless otherwise required by law
 upon the full and final payment of the Letter of Credit Liability
 or the termination of all outstanding Letter of Credit Liability due to the expiration of all outstanding Letters of Credit prior to draws thereon
 the Administrative Agent shall return to the Borrower any amounts remaining in any cash collateral account maintained by it with respect to the Letter of Credit Liability; 

 that
 so long as no Unmatured Event of Default or Event of Default exists
 to the extent individual Letters of Credit expire
.  Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the Letter of Credit Issuer and the Borrower
.  The Borrower shall pay: (a) to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Committed Lenders
 in consideration for the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder
 a fee (as defined in the L/C Fee Letter) per annum on the aggregate available undrawn amount of the outstanding Letters of Credit (such fee to be allocated among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Percentages); and (b) to the Letter of Credit Issuer for its own account the fees specified in the L/C Fee Letter (collectively
Date
 commencing on the first such Settlement Date to occur after the issuance of any Letter of Credit
subject to Section 9.2
.  On each Settlement Date prior to the Commitment Termination Date
 the Borrower shall deposit to each applicable Payment Account
 for distribution to the applicable Lenders
 a portion of the Collections received by it during the preceding Settlement Period (after deduction of the Servicing Fee) equal to the sum of the following amounts for application to the Obligations in the order specified:
 ratably to the payment of (i) all accrued and unpaid CP Costs
 Interest and Broken Funding Costs (if any) that are then due and owing and (ii) all accrued and unpaid fees under the Fee Letter and/or the L/C Fee Letter

 if required under Section 1.3 or 1.4
 to the ratable reduction of the outstanding principal of each of the Loans
 and
 for the ratable payment of all other unpaid Obligations of Borrower
 if any
The balance
 if any
 shall be paid to Borrower or otherwise in accordance with Borrower&#8217;s instructions.  Collections applied to the payment of Obligations of Borrower shall be distributed in accordance with the aforementioned provisions
 and
 giving effect to each of the priorities set forth above in this Section 2.2
.  On the Commitment Termination Date and on each day thereafter
 the Borrower (and the Servicer
 to the extent the Servicer comes into possession of Collections on any such day) shall set aside and hold in trust
 for the Secured Parties
 all Collections received on such day.  On and after the Commitment Termination Date
 the Borrower shall
 on each Settlement Date and on each other Business Day specified by the Administrative Agent (as directed by any Co-Agent) (after payment or deduction of any accrued and unpaid Servicing Fee as of such date): (i) remit to the applicable Payment Account the applicable Percentage of the amounts set aside and held in trust pursuant to the preceding sentence
 and (ii) apply such amounts to reduce the Obligations of Borrower as follows:
 to the reimbursement of each Unaffiliated Committed Lender&#8217;s or the applicable Conduit Group&#8217;s Percentage of the costs of collection and enforcement of this Agreement incurred by the Administrative Agent

 ratably to the payment of (i) all accrued and unpaid CP Costs
 Interest and Broken Funding Costs (if any)
 and (ii) all accrued and unpaid fees under the Fee Letter and/or the L/C Fee Letter

 to the ratable reduction of each Unaffiliated Committed Lender&#8217;s or each Conduit Group&#8217;s Percentage of the Aggregate Principal

 for the ratable payment of all other unpaid Obligations of Borrower
 and
 after the Final Payout Date
Collections applied to the payment of Obligations of Borrower shall be distributed in accordance with the aforementioned provisions
 and
 giving effect to each of the priorities set forth above in this Section 2.3
.  No payment of any of the Obligations shall be considered paid or applied hereunder to the extent that
 at any time
 all or any portion of such payment or application is rescinded by application of law or judicial authority
 or must otherwise be returned or refunded for any reason.  Borrower shall remain obligated for the amount of any payment or application so rescinded
 returned or refunded
 and shall promptly pay to the applicable Payment Account (for application to the Person or Persons who suffered such rescission
 return or refund) the full amount thereof
 plus Interest on such amount at the Default Rate from the date of any such rescission
.  Not later than the 3rd Business Day immediately preceding each Monthly Reporting Date
 each Conduit shall calculate the aggregate amount of CP Costs applicable to its CP Rate Loans for the Calculation Period then most recently ended and shall notify the Administrative Agent
 who shall promptly notify the Borrower of such aggregate amount
.  (a) With respect to CP Rate Loans made by a Pooled Fund Conduit
 on each Settlement Date
 Borrower shall pay to each of the Co-Agents (for the benefit of its respective Conduit) an aggregate amount equal to all accrued and unpaid CP Costs in respect of the principal associated with all such CP Rate Loans of such Conduit for the calendar month then most recently ended and (b) with respect to CP Rate Loans made by a Conduit that is not a Pooled Fund Conduit
 on each Settlement Date
 the Borrower shall pay to each of the Co-Agents (for the benefit of its respective Conduit) an aggregate amount equal to all accrued and unpaid CP Costs in respect of the principal associated with all such CP Rate Loans of such Conduit
.  From and after the occurrence of an Event of Default
.  Prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default
 the outstanding principal balance of each Loan made by an Unaffiliated Committed Lender and each Liquidity Funding shall accrue interest for each day during its Interest Period at either the LIBO Rate
 the Adjusted Federal Funds Rate or the Alternate Base Rate in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof.  Until Borrower gives notice to the applicable Co-Agent of another Interest Rate in accordance with Section 4.4
 the initial Interest Rate for any Loan transferred to the Committed Lenders in its Conduit Group by the applicable Conduit pursuant to its Liquidity Agreement shall be the Adjusted Federal Funds Rate (unless the Default Rate is then applicable).  If the applicable Committed Lenders in a Conduit Group acquire by assignment from the applicable Conduit any Loan pursuant to a Liquidity Agreement
.  On the Settlement Date for each Loan of an Unaffiliated Committed Lender and each Liquidity Funding
that if at any time any Loan of such Unaffiliated Committed Lender or Liquidity Funding is outstanding
provided
 further
Borrower or the applicable Committed Lender (or
 if applicable
 such Committed Lender&#8217;s Co-Agent)
&#8221;) for any Loan of any Unaffiliated Committed Lender or Liquidity Funding
 may
 effective on the last day of the Terminating Tranche:  (i) divide any such Loan or Liquidity Funding into multiple Loans or Liquidity Fundings
 as the case may be
 (ii) combine any such Loan of such Unaffiliated Committed Lender or Liquidity Funding with one or more other Loans of such Unaffiliated Committed Lender or Liquidity Fundings
 as applicable
 that have a Terminating Tranche ending on the same day as such Terminating Tranche or (iii) combine any such Loan of such Unaffiliated Committed Lender or Liquidity Funding with a new Loan or Liquidity Funding
 as applicable
.  Borrower may select the LIBO Rate
 the Adjusted Federal Funds Rate or the Alternate Base Rate and agreed to by the related Co-Agent for each Loan of each Unaffiliated Committed Lender and each Liquidity Funding.  Borrower shall by 12:00 noon (New York City time):  (i) at least three (3) Business Days prior to the expiration of any Terminating Tranche with respect to which the LIBO Rate is being requested as the Interest Rate and (ii) at least one (1) Business Day prior to the expiration of any Terminating Tranche with respect to which the Alternate Base Rate or the Adjusted Federal Funds Rate is being requested as a new Interest Rate
 give the Co-Agent irrevocable notice of the applicable Interest Rate for the Loan or Liquidity Funding associated with such Terminating Tranche.  Until Borrower gives notice of another Interest Rate
If any Committed Lender notifies the Borrower that it has determined that funding at a  LIBO Rate or the Adjusted Federal Funds Rate would violate any applicable law
 rule
 regulation
 or directive of any Governmental Authority
force of law
 or that (i) deposits of a type and maturity appropriate to match-fund its Loan or Liquidity Funding at a LIBO Rate are not available or (ii) a LIBO Rate or the Adjusted Federal Funds Rate does not accurately reflect the cost of acquiring or maintaining a Loan or Liquidity Funding at such rate
 then such Committed Lender may suspend the availability of such LIBO Rate or the Adjusted Federal Funds Rate
 as the case may be
provided
 however
If less than all of the Committed Lenders in a Conduit Group give a notice to Borrower pursuant to Section 4.5(a)
 each Committed Lender in such Conduit Group which gave such a notice shall be obliged
 at the request of Borrower
 the applicable Conduit or the applicable Co-Agent
 to assign all of its rights and obligations hereunder to (i) another Committed Lender in such Conduit Group
 or (ii) another funding entity nominated by Borrower or
 if applicable
that (i) the notifying Committed Lender receives payment in full
 pursuant to an Assignment Agreement
 of all Obligations owing to it (whether due or accrued)
.  From and after the occurrence of an Event of Default
.  Each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants to the Agents and the Lenders
 as to itself
 as of the Closing Date
 as of the date hereof
.  Such Loan Party&#8217;s jurisdiction of organization is correctly set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.  Such Loan Party is duly organized under the laws of that jurisdiction and no other state or jurisdiction
 and such jurisdiction must maintain a public record showing the organization to have been organized.  Such Loan Party is validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its state of organization.  Such Loan Party is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign entity
 and has and holds all organizational power and all governmental licenses
 authorizations
 consents and approvals required to carry on its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted except
 in the case of Smithfield
Power and Authority; Due Authorization
.  The execution and delivery by such Loan Party of this Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party
 and the performance of its obligations hereunder and thereunder and
 in the case of Borrower
 Borrower&#8217;s use of the proceeds of Advances made hereunder
.  The execution and delivery by such Loan Party of this Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party
 and the performance of its obligations hereunder and thereunder do not contravene or violate (i) its certificate or articles of incorporation or by-laws
 (ii) any law
 rule or regulation applicable to it
 (iii) any restrictions under any agreement
 contract or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound
 or (iv) any order
 writ
 judgment
 award
 injunction or decree binding on or affecting it or its property
 and do not result in the creation or imposition of any Adverse Claim on assets of such Loan Party or its Subsidiaries (except as created hereunder) except
 in any case
.  Other than the filing of the financing statements required hereunder
 no authorization or approval or other action by
 and no notice to or filing with
Actions
.  Except as disclosed in the filings made by the Servicer with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 there are no actions
 suits or proceedings pending
 or to the best of such Loan Party&#8217;s knowledge
 threatened
 against or affecting such Loan Party
 or any of its properties
 in or before any court
 arbitrator or other body
 that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  Such Loan Party is not in default with respect to any order of any court
.  This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which such Loan Party is a party constitute the legal
 valid and binding obligations of such Loan Party enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with their respective terms
 except as such enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy
 insolvency
.  All information heretofore furnished by such Loan Party or any of its Affiliates to the Agents or the Lenders for purposes of or in connection with this Agreement
 any of the other Transaction Documents or any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby is
Loan Party or any of its Affiliates to the Agents or the Lenders will be
 true and accurate in every material respect on the date such information is stated or certified and does not and will not contain any material misstatement of fact or omit to state a material fact or any fact necessary to make the statements contained therein
 in light of the circumstances in which they were made
 not materially misleading; provided
 that with respect to projected financial information
.  Borrower represents and warrants that no proceeds of any Advance or Letter of Credit hereunder will be used (i) for a purpose that violates
 or would be inconsistent with
 (A) Section 7.2(e) of this Agreement or (B) Regulation T
 U or X promulgated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System from time to time or (ii) to acquire any security in any transaction which is subject to Section 12
 13 or 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
.  Borrower represents and warrants that:  (i) immediately after the contribution of the Initial Contributed Assets by SFFC in accordance with the Receivables Sale Agreement
 and immediately after the transfer by each Originator of the Initial Purchased Assets and each subsequent Receivable under the Receivables Sale Agreement
 Borrower is the legal and beneficial owner of all of the right
 title and interest in the Receivables and Related Security with respect thereto
 free and clear of any Adverse Claim
 except an Adverse Claim in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties or an Adverse Claim arising under the Intercreditor Agreement that is subordinate to the lien of the Administrative Agent created hereby
 and (ii) there have been duly filed all financing statements or other similar instruments or documents necessary under the UCC or the PPSA (or any comparable law) of all appropriate jurisdictions to perfect Borrower&#8217;s ownership interest in each Receivable
.  Borrower represents and warrants that:  (i) this Agreement is effective to create a valid security interest in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties in the Collateral to secure payment of the Obligations
 free and clear of any Adverse Claim
 except an Adverse Claim in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties or an Adverse Claim arising under the Intercreditor Agreement that is subordinate to the lien of the Administrative Agent created hereby
 and (ii) there have been or (within 2 Business Days after the date of any Advance) will be duly filed all financing statements or other similar instruments or documents necessary under the UCC and the PPSA (or any comparable law) of all appropriate jurisdictions to perfect the Administrative Agent&#8217;s (on behalf of the Secured Parties) first priority security interest in the Collateral.  Each of the Loan Parties represents and warrants that such Loan Party&#8217;s jurisdiction of organization is a jurisdiction whose law generally requires information concerning the existence of a nonpossessory security interest to be made generally available in a filing
.  The conditions and requirements set forth in Section 7.1(j) and Section 8.2 have at all times been satisfied and duly performed.  The names
 addresses and jurisdictions of organization of all Collection Banks
 together with the account numbers of the Collection Accounts at each Collection Bank and the post office box number of each Lock-Box
 are listed on Exhibit III to the Receivables Sale Agreement.  While Borrower has granted Servicer access to the Lock-Boxes and Collection Accounts prior to delivery of a Collection Notice
 Borrower has not granted any Person
 other than the Administrative Agent as contemplated by this Agreement
 and the ABL Representative as contemplated by the Intercreditor Agreement
 dominion and control of any Lock-Box or Collection Account
.  (i) The Servicer represents and warrants that since April 29
 2012
 no event has occurred that would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or operations of the Servicer or the ability of the Servicer to perform its obligations under this Agreement
 and (ii) Borrower represents and warrants that since the date of its formation
 no event has occurred that would have a material adverse effect on (A) the financial condition or operations of Borrower
 (B) the ability of Borrower to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents
.  Borrower represents and warrants that:  (i) the name in which Borrower has executed this Agreement is identical to the name of Borrower as indicated on the public record of its state of organization which shows Borrower to have been organized
 and (ii) in the past five (5) years
 Borrower has not used any corporate names
.  After giving effect to the transactions on the Closing Date
 Smithfield owns
 directly or indirectly
 100% of the issued and outstanding Equity Interest of Borrower
 free and clear of any Adverse Claim.  Such Equity Interests are validly issued
 fully paid and nonassessable
 and there are no options
.  Such Loan Party is not an &#8220;investment company&#8221; within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940
 as amended
.  Such Loan Party has complied in all respects with all applicable laws
 rules
 regulations
 orders
 writs
 judgments
 injunctions
 decrees or awards to which it may be subject
 except where the failure to so comply would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  Borrower represents and warrants that each Receivable
 together with the Contract related thereto
 does not contravene any laws
 rules or regulations applicable thereto (including
 without limitation
 laws
 rules and regulations relating to truth in lending
 fair credit billing
 fair credit reporting
 equal credit opportunity
 fair debt collection practices and privacy)
 and no part of such Contract is in violation of any such law
 rule or regulation
.  Such Loan Party has complied in all material respects with the Credit and Collection Policy with regard to each Receivable and the related Contract
.  Borrower represents and warrants that:  (i) with respect to each Receivable purchased by Borrower under the Receivables Sale Agreement
(constituting the approximate fair market value) to the applicable Originator in consideration therefor and such transfer was not made for or on account of an antecedent debt
 and (ii) no transfer by any Originator of any Receivable under the Receivables Sale Agreement is or may be voidable under any section of the Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978 (11 U.S.C. &#167;&#167; 101 et seq.)
 as amended
.  Borrower represents and warrants that each Contract with respect to each Receivable is effective to create
 and has created (or with respect to In-Transit Receivables will create)
 a legal
 valid and binding obligation of the related Obligor to pay the Outstanding Balance of the Receivable created thereunder and any accrued interest thereon
 enforceable against the Obligor in accordance with its terms
 except as such enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy
 insolvency
.  Immediately after giving effect to each Advance
 each L/C Credit Extension and each settlement on any Settlement Date hereunder
.  None of the Loan Parties nor any Subsidiary or Affiliate of any Loan Party (a) is a Sanctioned Person
 (b) does business in a Sanctioned Country or with a Sanctioned Person in violation of the economic sanctions of the United States administered by OFAC or (c) does business in such country or with any such agency
 organization or person
.  Immediately after the consummation of the transactions to occur on the applicable Commencement Date
 (a) the fair value of the assets of each Loan Party
 at a fair valuation
 will exceed its debts and liabilities
 subordinated
 contingent or otherwise; (b) the present fair saleable value of the property of each Loan Party will be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of its debts and other liabilities
 subordinated
 contingent or otherwise
 as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured; (c) each Loan Party will be able to pay its debts and liabilities
 subordinated
 contingent or otherwise
 as such debts and liabilities become absolute and matured and (d) no Loan Party will have unreasonably small capital with which to conduct the business in which it is engaged as such business is now conducted and is proposed to be conducted after the applicable Commencement Date.  No Loan Party intends to
 and no Loan Party believes that it or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than Non-Material Subsidiaries) will
 incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature
 taking into account the timing of and amounts of cash to be received by it or any such Restricted Subsidiary (whether from anticipated refinancings
 asset sales
. Except as could not reasonably be expected
 individually or in the aggregate
 to result in a Material Adverse Effect
respective ERISA Affiliates is in compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA and of the Tax Code relating to Plans and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder
 and (b) no ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur.  The minimum funding standards of ERISA and the Tax Code with respect to each Plan have been satisfied
.  Each Committed Lender hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent
.  Such Committed Lender is a banking association or a limited liability company
 as the case may be
 duly organized
 validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization
 and has all organizational power to perform its obligations hereunder and under its Liquidity Agreement
.  The execution and delivery by such Committed Lender of this Agreement and its Liquidity Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder and thereunder are within its corporate powers
 have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action
 do not contravene or violate (i) its certificate or articles of incorporation or association or by-laws or other organizational documents
 (ii) any law
 rule or regulation applicable to it
 (iii) any restrictions under any agreement
 contract or instrument to which it is a party or any of its property is bound
 or (iv) any order
 writ
 judgment
 award
 injunction or decree binding on or affecting it or its property
 and do not result in the creation or imposition of any Adverse Claim on its assets.  This Agreement and
 if applicable
 its Liquidity Agreement have been duly authorized
.  No authorization or approval or other action by
 and no notice to or filing with
 any Governmental Authority is required for the due execution and delivery by such Committed Lender of this Agreement or
 if applicable
.  Each of this Agreement and
 if applicable
 its Liquidity Agreement constitutes the legal
 valid and binding obligation of such Committed Lender enforceable against such Committed Lender in accordance with its terms
 except as such enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy
 insolvency
.  No Lender shall be obligated to make any Advance hereunder on the occasion of the initial Advance nor shall the Letter of Credit Issuer be obligated to issue any Letter of Credit
 nor shall any Lender
 the Administrative Agent or any other party hereto be obligated to take
 fulfill or perform any other action hereunder
 until all of the following conditions
 after giving effect to the proposed Advance or Letter of Credit Extension
 in each case
 have been satisfied
Each Transaction Document shall have been duly executed by
 and delivered to
 the parties hereto and thereto and the Administrative Agent shall have received such other documents
 instruments
 agreements and legal opinions as the Administrative Agent shall request in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
 including all those documents listed on Schedule A to the Receivables Sale Agreement and those documents listed on Schedule B to this Agreement
The Borrower shall have paid all fees required to be paid by it
 including all fees required hereunder
 and shall have reimbursed each Lender and each Agent for all fees
 costs and expenses of closing the transaction contemplated hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents
 including the attorney fees and any other legal and document preparation costs incurred by any Lender and/or any Agent pursuant to the terms of this Agreement
.  Each Advance (including the initial Advance)
 each L/C Credit Extension and each rollover or continuation of the foregoing shall be subject to the further conditions precedent that (a) the Servicer shall have delivered to the Agents on or prior to the date thereof
 in form and substance satisfactory to the Agents
 all Monthly Reports as and when due under Section 8.5; (b) the Facility Termination Date shall not have occurred; (c) the Borrower shall have delivered the Borrowing Notice in accordance with Section 1.2 or the Request for Letter of Credit in accordance with Section 1.7; (d) the Agents shall have received such other approvals
 opinions or documents as it may reasonably request; and (e) on the date thereof
the representations and warranties set forth in Section 5.1 are true and correct on and as of the date of such Advance or L/C Credit Extension  (or such Settlement Date
no event has occurred and is continuing
 or would result from such Advance or L/C Credit Extension (or the continuation thereof)
after giving effect to such Advance or L/C Credit Extension (or the continuation thereof)
.  Until the Final Payout Date
 each Loan Party hereby covenants
 as to itself
.  Such Loan Party will maintain
 for itself and each of its Subsidiaries
 a system of accounting established and administered in accordance with GAAP
.  Within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of Servicer or Borrower
 as applicable
 Servicer&#8217;s and Borrower&#8217;s audited consolidated balance sheet and audited consolidated condensed statements of income
 stockholders' equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such year
 and related notes thereto
 setting forth in each case in comparative form the corresponding figures for (or
 in the case of the balance sheet
 as of the end of) the previous fiscal year
 all reported on by Ernst &amp; Young LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized national standing (without a &#8220;going concern&#8221; or like qualification or exception and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Servicer and its consolidated Subsidiaries or Borrower
 as applicable
.  Within 45 days after the end of each of the first three (3) fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of Servicer
 Servicer&#8217;s unaudited consolidated balance sheet and unaudited consolidated condensed statements of income and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year
 setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or
 in the case of the balance sheet
 as of the end of) the previous fiscal year
 all certified by the Financial Officer of Servicer as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Servicer and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied
.  Together with the financial statements required hereunder
 a compliance certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit IV signed by such Loan Party&#8217;s Authorized Officer and dated the date of such annual financial statement or such quarterly financial statement
.   Promptly after the same become publicly available
 copies of all reports on Form 10-K
 Form 10-Q and Form 8-K and all proxy statements filed by any Loan Party with the SEC
 or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of the SEC
 or with any national securities exchange
 or distributed by such Loan Party to the holders of its Equity Interests generally
.  Promptly upon its receipt of any notice
 request for consent
 financial statements
 certification
 report or other communication under or in connection with any Transaction Document from any Person other than the Administrative Agent or any Lender
.  At least thirty (30) days prior to the effectiveness of any material change in or material amendment to the Credit and Collection Policy
 a copy of the Credit and Collection Policy then in effect and a notice (A) indicating such change or amendment
 and (B) if such proposed change or amendment would pursuant to the Receivables Sale Agreement require the consent of the Agent
.  Promptly
 from time to time
 such other information
 documents
 records or reports relating to the Receivables or the condition or operations
 financial or otherwise
.  Such Loan Party will notify the Agents in writing of any of the following promptly upon learning of the occurrence thereof
 describing the same and
 if applicable
.  The occurrence of each Event of Default and each Unmatured Event of Default
.  Any downgrade in the rating of any Debt of Performance Guarantor by S&amp;P or Moody&#8217;s
.  (i) With respect to Borrower
 the occurrence of any other event or condition that has had
 or would reasonably be expected to have
 a Material Adverse Effect and (ii) with respect to Servicer
.  The decision to appoint a new director of the Borrower as the &#8220;Independent Director&#8221; for purposes of this Agreement
. Promptly following receipt thereof
 copies of any documents described in Sections 101(k) or 101(l) of ERISA that any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate may request with respect to any Multiemployer Plan; provided that if the Loan Parties or any of the ERISA Affiliates have not requested such documents or notices from the administrator or sponsor of the applicable Multiemployer Plan
 then
 upon reasonable request of the Administrative Agent
 the Loan Parties and/or the ERISA Affiliates shall promptly make a request for such documents or notices from such administrator or sponsor and the Borrower shall provide copies of such documents and notices promptly to the Administrative Agent after receipt thereof
.  Such Loan Party will comply in all respects with all applicable laws
 rules
 regulations
 orders
 writs
 judgments
 injunctions
 decrees or awards to which it may be subject
 except where the failure to so comply would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  Such Loan Party will preserve and maintain its corporate existence
 rights
 franchises and privileges in the jurisdiction of its incorporation
 and qualify and remain qualified in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction where its business is conducted
.  Such Loan Party will furnish to each of the Co-Agents from time to time such information with respect to it and the Receivables such Co-Agent may reasonably request.  Such Loan Party will
 from time to time during regular business hours as requested by any Co-Agent upon reasonable notice and at the sole cost of such Loan Party
 permit such Co-Agent
 or their agents or representatives (and shall cause each Originator to permit such Co-Agent or their agents or representatives):  (i) to examine and make copies of and abstracts from all Records in the possession or under the control of such Person relating to the Collateral
 including
 without limitation
 the related Contracts
(ii) to visit the offices and properties of such Person for the purpose of examining such materials described in clause (i) above
 and to discuss matters relating to such Person&#8217;s financial condition or the Collateral or any Person&#8217;s performance under any of the Transaction Documents or any Person&#8217;s performance under the Contracts and
 in each case
 with any of the officers or employees of Borrower or the Servicer having knowledge of such matters (each of the foregoing examinations and visits
&#32;provided
 however
&#32;that
 so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing
The Servicer will (and will cause each Originator to) maintain and implement administrative and operating procedures (including
 without limitation
 an ability to recreate records evidencing Receivables in the event of the destruction of the originals thereof)
 and keep and maintain all documents
 books
 records and other information reasonably necessary or advisable for the collection of all Receivables (including
 without limitation
Such Loan Party will (and the Servicer will cause each Originator to):  (A) on or prior to the Closing Date
 mark its master data processing records and other books and records relating to the Loans with a legend
 acceptable to the Agents
 describing the Administrative Agent&#8217;s security interest in the Collateral and (B) upon the request of the Agents following the occurrence of an Event of Default:  (x) mark each Contract with a legend describing the Administrative Agent&#8217;s security interest and (y) deliver to the Administrative Agent all Contracts (including
 without limitation
 all multiple originals of any such Contract constituting an instrument
.  Such Loan Party will (and will cause each Originator to) timely and fully (i) perform and comply with all provisions
 covenants and other promises required to be observed by it under the Contracts related to the Receivables
.  Borrower will maintain the effectiveness of
 and continue to perform under the Receivables Sale Agreement and the Performance Undertaking
 such that it does not amend
 restate
 supplement
 cancel
 terminate or otherwise modify the Receivables Sale Agreement or the Performance Undertaking
 or give any consent
 waiver
 directive or approval thereunder or waive any default
 action
 omission or breach under the Receivables Sale Agreement or the Performance Undertaking or otherwise grant any indulgence thereunder
Borrower will
 and will require each Originator to
 perform each of their respective obligations and undertakings under and pursuant to the Receivables Sale Agreement
 will purchase Receivables thereunder in strict compliance with the terms thereof and will vigorously enforce the rights and remedies accorded to Borrower under the Receivables Sale Agreement and the Performance Undertaking.  Borrower will take all actions to perfect and enforce its rights and interests (and the rights and interests of the Agents and the Lenders as assignees of Borrower) under the Receivables Sale Agreement as any of the Agents may from time to time reasonably request
 including
 without limitation
 making claims to which it may be entitled under any indemnity
.  Borrower will (or will cause each Originator to) take all necessary action to (i) vest legal and equitable title to the Collateral purchased under the Receivables Sale Agreement irrevocably in Borrower
 free and clear of any Adverse Claims (other than Adverse Claims in favor of the Administrative Agent
 for the benefit of the Secured Parties) including
 without limitation
 the filing of all financing statements or other similar instruments or documents necessary under the UCC and the PPSA (or any comparable law) of all appropriate jurisdictions to perfect Borrower&#8217;s interest in such Collateral and such other action to perfect
 protect or more fully evidence the interest of Borrower therein as any of the Agents may reasonably request
 and (ii) establish and maintain
 in favor of the Administrative Agent
 for the benefit of the Secured Parties
 a valid and perfected first priority security interest in all Collateral
 free and clear of any Adverse Claims
 including
 without limitation
 the filing of all financing statements or other similar instruments or documents necessary under the UCC and the PPSA (or any comparable law) of all appropriate jurisdictions to perfect the Administrative Agent&#8217;s (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) security interest in the Collateral and such other action to perfect
.  Borrower acknowledges that the Agents and the Lenders are entering into the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in reliance upon Borrower&#8217;s identity as a legal entity that is separate from each Originator.  Therefore
 from and after the date of execution and delivery of this Agreement
 Borrower shall take all reasonable steps
 including
 without limitation
 all steps that any Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably request
 to maintain Borrower&#8217;s identity as a separate legal entity and to make it manifest to third parties that Borrower is an entity with assets and liabilities distinct from those of each Originator and any Affiliates thereof (other than Borrower) and not just a division of any Originator or any such Affiliate.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing and in addition to the other covenants set forth herein
maintain books
 financial records and bank accounts in a manner so that it will not be difficult or costly to segregate
not commingle any of its assets
 funds
 liabilities or business functions with the assets
 funds
pay its own liabilities
maintain separate annual and quarterly financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 consistently applied
pay or bear the cost (or if such statements are consolidated
 the pro-rata cost) of the preparation of its financial statements
use separate stationery
 invoices
compensate all consultants
 independent contractors and agents from its own funds for services provided to it by such consultants
to the extent that Borrower and any of its Affiliates occupy any premises in the same location
 allocate fairly
to the extent that Borrower and any of its Affiliates share the same officers
 allocate fairly
expenses related to providing benefits to such officers between or among such entities
to the extent that Borrower and any of its Affiliates jointly contract or do business with vendors or service providers or share overhead expenses
 allocate fairly
 appropriately and nonarbitrarily any costs and expenses incurred in so doing between or among such entities
to the extent Borrower contracts or does business with vendors or service providers where the goods or services are wholly or partially for the benefit of its Affiliates
 allocate fairly
 appropriately and nonarbitrarily any costs incurred in so doing to the entity for whose benefit such goods or services are provided
maintain adequate capital in light of its contemplated business operations and in no event less than the Required Capital Amount (as defined in the Receivables Sale Agreement) and refrain from making any dividend
 distribution
cause representatives and agents of Borrower to hold themselves out to third parties as being representatives or agents
 as the case may be
not enter into or be a party to
not acquire or assume the obligations or acquire the securities of its Affiliates or owners
 including partners of its Affiliates; provided
 however
 that notwithstanding the foregoing
maintain its limited liability company status in conformity with this Agreement
 such that (A) it does not amend
 restate
 supplement or otherwise modify its Certificate of Formation or Limited Liability Company Agreement in any respect that would impair its ability to comply with the terms or provisions of any of the Transaction Documents
 including
 without limitation
maintain its corporate separateness such that it does not merge or consolidate with or into
 or convey
 transfer
 lease or otherwise dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions
 and except as otherwise contemplated herein) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to
 or acquire all or substantially all of the assets of
 any Person
 nor at any time create
 have
 acquire
take such other actions as are necessary on its part to ensure that the facts and assumptions set forth in the opinion issued by Hogan Lovells US LLP
 as counsel for Borrower
 in connection with the closing or initial Advance under this Agreement and relating to substantive consolidation issues
 and in the certificates accompanying such opinion
.  Such Loan Party will cause (1) all proceeds from all Lock-Boxes to be directly deposited by a Collection Bank into a Collection Account and (2) each Lock-Box and Collection Account to be subject at all times to a Collection Account Agreement that is in full force and effect; provided
 that amounts received in respect of any Excluded Receivables shall not be deposited in any Lock-Box or Collection Account.  In the event any payments relating to the Collateral are remitted directly to Borrower or any Affiliate of Borrower
 Borrower will remit (or will cause all such payments to be remitted) directly to a Collection Bank and deposit into a Collection Account within two (2) Business Days following receipt thereof
 and
 at all times prior to such remittance
 Borrower will itself hold or
 if applicable
 will cause such payments to be held in trust for the exclusive benefit of the Agents and the Lenders.  Borrower will maintain exclusive ownership
dominion and control (subject to the terms of this Agreement) of each Lock-Box and Collection Account and shall not grant the right to take dominion and control of any Lock-Box or Collection Account at a future time or upon the occurrence of a future event to any Person
 except to the Administrative Agent as contemplated by this Agreement and to the ABL Representative as contemplated by the Intercreditor Agreement
.  Such Loan Party will file all Tax returns and reports required by law to be filed by it and will promptly pay all Taxes and governmental charges at any time owing
 except any such Taxes which are not yet delinquent or are being diligently contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP shall have been set aside on its books.  Borrower will pay when due any and all present and future stamp
 documentary
 and other similar Taxes and governmental charges payable in connection with the Receivables
 and hold each of the Indemnified Parties harmless from and against any and all liabilities (including penalties
.  With respect to any Receivable purchased by Borrower from any Originator
 such sale shall be effected under
 and in strict compliance with the terms of
 the Receivables Sale Agreement
 including
 without limitation
.  Borrower or Servicer shall provide written notice to the Administrative Agent of any proposed amendment to the Parent Credit Agreement that would alter the definitions of &#8220;Applicable Percentage&#8221; or &#8220;Leverage Ratio&#8221; contained therein or that would alter in any way the manner in which &#8220;Applicable Percentage&#8221; or &#8220;Leverage Ratio&#8221; are determined under the Parent Credit Agreement
 in each case
.  On each Interest Determination Date (as defined in the Parent Credit Agreement
 as in effect on the Closing Date)
 the Servicer shall provide to the Administrative Agent written notice of the &#8220;Leverage Ratio&#8221; as calculated pursuant to the terms of the Parent Credit Agreement
.  Until the Final Payout Date
 each Loan Party hereby covenants
 as to itself
Name Change
.  Such Loan Party will not change its name
 identity or structure (within the meaning of any applicable enactment of the UCC) or jurisdiction of organization
 unless it shall have:  (i) given the Agents at least ten (10) Business Days&#8217; prior written notice thereof and (ii) delivered to the Administrative Agent all financing statements
.  Except as may be required by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.2(b)
 such Loan Party will not add or terminate any bank as a Collection Bank
 or make any change in the instructions to Obligors regarding payments to be made to any Lock-Box or Collection Account
 unless the Administrative Agent shall have received
 at least ten (10) days before the proposed effective date therefor
 (i) written notice of such addition
 termination or change and (ii) with respect to the addition of a Collection Bank or a Collection Account or Lock-Box
 an executed Collection Account Agreement with respect to the new Collection Account or Lock-Box; provided
 however
.  Such Loan Party will not
 and will not permit any Originator to
 make any change to the Credit and Collection Policy (other than any change expressly permitted by the Receivables Sale Agreement).  Except as provided in Section 8.2(d)
 the Servicer will not
 and will not permit any Originator to
 extend
Sales
.  Borrower will not sell
 assign (by operation of law or otherwise) or otherwise dispose of
 or grant any option with respect to
 or create or suffer to exist any Adverse Claim upon (including
 without limitation
 the filing of any financing statement) or with respect to
 any of the Collateral
 or assign any right to receive income with respect thereto (other than
 in each case
 the creation of a security interest therein in favor of the Administrative Agent as provided for herein)
 and Borrower will defend the right
 title and interest of the Secured Parties in
 to and under any of the foregoing property
.  Borrower will not use the proceeds of the Advances for any purpose other than (i) paying for Receivables and Related Security under and in accordance with the Receivables Sale Agreement
 including without limitation
 making payments on the Subordinated Notes to the extent permitted thereunder and under the Receivables Sale Agreement
 (ii) paying its ordinary and necessary operating expenses when and as due
.  Borrower will not designate the Termination Date
 or send any written notice to any Originator in respect thereof
 without the prior written consent of the Agents
.  Borrower will not make any Restricted Junior Payment if after giving effect thereto
.  Borrower will not incur or permit to exist any Debt or liability on account of deposits except:  (i) the Obligations
 (ii) the Subordinated Loans
. Subject to the limitations of Section 7.1(i)
  no Loan Party will
 nor will it permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to
 merge into
 amalgamate with or consolidate with any other Person
 or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it
 or sell
 transfer
 lease or otherwise dispose of (in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets
 or all or substantially all of the stock of any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (in each case
 whether now owned or hereafter acquired)
 or liquidate or dissolve
 except that
any other Person (other than the Borrower) may merge into or amalgamate with the Servicer in a transaction in which the Servicer is the surviving corporation
 or
 concurrently with the consummation of such transaction
any Restricted Subsidiary may sell
 transfer
 lease or otherwise dispose of its assets to the Servicer or another Restricted Subsidiary; provided that if any such transferor is a Loan Party
the Servicer or any Restricted Subsidiary may sell
 transfer
 lease or otherwise dispose of its assets (including for the avoidance of doubt any Excluded Receivable) in any manner expressly permitted by any Transaction Document or if permitted under Section 6.04 or Section 6.05 of the Parent Credit Agreement; 
.  The Borrower shall not designate any Originator as an Excluded Originator pursuant to Section 1.8 of the Receivables Sale Agreement unless and until (i) the Servicer shall have prepared and forwarded to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders a restated Monthly Report for each of the twelve (12) prior Monthly Reporting Dates occurring since the date hereof
 which such restated Monthly Report shall be prepared on the basis of the exclusion from the Collateral of the Receivables relating to such Originator and (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have provided its prior written consent to such designation; provided
 however
The servicing
&#8221;) so designated from time to time in accordance with this Section 8.1.  Smithfield is hereby designated as
 and hereby agrees to perform the duties and obligations of
 the Servicer pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.  After the occurrence of an Event of Default
 the Administrative Agent
 at the direction of the Required Committed Lenders
Smithfield may at any time and from time to time delegate any or all of its duties and obligations as Servicer hereunder to one or more Persons domiciled in the United States.  Notwithstanding the foregoing
 so long as Smithfield remains the Servicer hereunder:  (i) Smithfield shall be and remain liable to the Agents and the Lenders for the full and prompt performance of all duties and responsibilities of the Servicer hereunder and (ii) the Agents and the Lenders shall be entitled to deal exclusively with Smithfield in matters relating to the discharge by the Servicer of its duties and responsibilities hereunder.  Notwithstanding the foregoing
 any Person delegated with the servicing
 administration and collection of Receivables originated by the Canadian Originator shall not be conferred with any power to enter into contracts or other agreements in the name of the Servicer or the Borrower.  To the extent any delegated servicing responsibilities require entering into contracts or other agreements in the name of the Borrower
The Servicer shall take or cause to be taken all such actions as may be necessary or advisable to collect each Receivable from time to time
 all in accordance with applicable laws
 rules and regulations
 with reasonable care and diligence
The Servicer will instruct (i) all Obligors in respect of Receivables other than Excluded Receivables to pay all Collections directly to a Lock-Box or Collection Account and (ii) all Obligors in respect of Excluded Receivables to pay all Collections to a designated account that is not a Lock-Box or Collection Account.  The Servicer shall effect a Collection Account Agreement with each bank party to a Collection Account at any time.  In the case of any remittances received in any Lock-Box or Collection Account that shall have been identified
 to the satisfaction of the Servicer
 to not constitute Collections or other proceeds of the Receivables or the Related Security
 the Servicer shall promptly remit such items to the Person identified to it as being the owner of such remittances.  From and after the date the Administrative Agent delivers to any Collection Bank a Collection Notice pursuant to Section 8.3
 the Administrative Agent may request that the Servicer
 and the Servicer thereupon promptly shall instruct all Obligors with respect to the Receivables
 to remit all payments thereon to a new depositary account specified by the Administrative Agent and
 at all times thereafter
 Borrower and the Servicer shall not deposit or otherwise credit
The Servicer shall administer the Collections in accordance with the procedures described herein and in Article II.  The Servicer shall set aside and hold in trust for the account of Borrower and the Lenders their respective shares of the Collections in accordance with Article II.  The Servicer shall
 upon the request of any Agent
 segregate
 in a manner acceptable to the Agents
 all cash
 checks and other instruments received by it from time to time constituting Collections from the general funds of the Servicer or Borrower prior to the remittance thereof in accordance with Article II.  If the Servicer shall be required to segregate Collections pursuant to the preceding sentence
 the Servicer shall segregate and deposit with a bank designated by the Administrative Agent such allocable share of Collections of Receivables set aside for the Lenders on the first Business Day following receipt by the Servicer of such Collections
The Servicer may
 in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy
provided
 however
 that such extension or adjustment shall not alter the status of such Receivable as a Delinquent Receivable or Defaulted Receivable or limit the rights of the Agents or the Lenders under this Agreement.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein
 from and after the occurrence of an Event of Default
The Servicer shall hold in trust for Borrower and the Lenders all Records that (i) evidence or relate to the Receivables
 the related Contracts and Related Security or (ii) are otherwise necessary or desirable to collect the Receivables and shall
 as soon as practicable upon demand of the Administrative Agent following the occurrence of an Event of Default
 deliver or make available to the Administrative Agent all such Records
 at a place selected by the Administrative Agent.  The Servicer shall
 as soon as practicable following receipt thereof turn over to Borrower any cash collections or other cash proceeds received with respect to Debt not constituting Receivables or proceeds of Collateral.  The Servicer shall
 from time to time at the request of any Lender
Any payment by an Obligor in respect of any indebtedness owed by it to Originator or Borrower shall
 except as otherwise specified by such Obligor or otherwise required by contract or law and unless otherwise instructed by the Administrative Agent
All activities undertaken by the Servicer in such capacity hereunder in relation to Receivables sold by the Canadian Originator
 including by any Person acting on its behalf or to whom the Servicer has delegated responsibility
.  The Administrative Agent is authorized at any time after the occurrence of an Event of Default to date and to deliver to the Collection Banks the Collection Notices.  Borrower hereby transfers to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties
provided
 however
 that Borrower shall retain the right to direct the disposition of funds from each of the Collection Accounts until the Administrative Agent (at the direction of any Co-Agent) delivers the applicable Collection Notice.  In case any authorized signatory of Borrower whose signature appears on a Collection Account Agreement shall cease to have such authority before the delivery of such notice
 such Collection Notice shall nevertheless be valid as if such authority had remained in force.  Borrower hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent
 and agrees that the Administrative Agent shall be entitled (i) at any time after delivery of the Collection Notices
 to endorse Borrower&#8217;s name on checks and other instruments representing Collections
 (ii) at any time after the occurrence of an Event of Default
 to enforce the Receivables
 the related Contracts and the Related Security
 and (iii) at any time after the occurrence of an Event of Default
 to take such action as shall be necessary or desirable to cause all cash
.  Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding
 the exercise by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties of their rights hereunder shall not release the Servicer
 any Originator or Borrower from any of their duties or obligations with respect to any Receivables or under the related Contracts.  The Lenders shall have no obligation or liability with respect to any Receivables or related Contracts
 nor shall any of them be obligated to perform the obligations of Borrower.  Moreover
.  The Servicer shall prepare and forward to the Lenders (i) on each Monthly Reporting Date
 a Monthly Report in substantially the form of Exhibit VI hereto and an electronic file of the data contained therein
 and (ii) at such times as any Co-Agent shall reasonably request
 a listing by Obligor of all Receivables together with an aging of such Receivables.  After a Ratings Trigger Event
 the Servicer shall prepare and forward to the Lenders on a weekly basis
 a report that is acceptable in form and substance to the Administrative Agent.  On and after the date on which any Receivable is designated an Excluded Receivable under the Receivables Sale Agreement
 each Monthly Report shall exclude any such Excluded Receivables.  On and after the date on which any Originator is designated an Excluded Originator under the Receivables Sale Agreement
.  As compensation for the Servicer&#8217;s servicing activities on their behalf
 Borrower shall pay the Servicer the Servicing Fee
any Loan Party or Performance Guarantor shall fail to make any payment or deposit required to be made by it under the Transaction Documents when due and
 for any such payment or deposit which is not in respect of principal
any representation
 warranty
any Loan Party or Performance Guarantor shall fail to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement under any Transaction Documents and such failure shall remain unremedied for 15 days after the earlier of (i) an Executive Officer of any of such Persons obtaining knowledge thereof
failure of Borrower to pay any Debt (other than the Obligations) when due or the default by Borrower in the performance of any term
 provision or condition contained in any agreement under which any such Debt was created or is governed
 the effect of which is to cause
 or to permit the holder or holders of such Debt to cause
failure of Performance Guarantor or the Servicer or any of their respective Subsidiaries (other than the Borrower
 any Non-Material Subsidiary and any Unrestricted Subsidiary) shall become unable
a regulatory
 tax or accounting body has ordered that the activities of the Borrower or any Affiliate of the Borrower contemplated hereby be terminated or
 as a result of any other event or circumstance
 the activities of the Borrower or any Affiliate of the Borrower contemplated hereby may reasonably be expected to cause the Borrower or any of its respective Affiliates to suffer materially adverse regulatory
any change in the Credit and Collection Policy prohibited by Section 7.2(c) occurs
an Event of Bankruptcy shall occur with respect to Performance Guarantor
the three-month rolling average Delinquency Ratio shall exceed three percent (3)%
the three-month rolling average Default Ratio shall exceed one percent (1)%
the three-month rolling average Dilution Ratio shall exceed five percent (5)%
one or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of $50
000
000 (to the extent not adequately covered by insurance as to which the insurer has not denied or contested coverage) shall be rendered against the Performance Guarantor
 any Subsidiary of Performance Guarantor (other than any Unrestricted Subsidiary)
 any Loan Party
 any Subsidiary of a Loan Party (other than any Unrestricted Subsidiary) or any combination thereof and the same shall remain unpaid or undischarged for a period of 45&#160;consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed
 or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of the Performance Guarantor
 any Subsidiary of Performance Guarantor
 any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party (other than any Unrestricted Subsidiary) to enforce any such judgment
 or the Performance Guarantor
 any Subsidiary of Performance Guarantor (other than any Unrestricted Subsidiary)
 any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party (other than any Unrestricted Subsidiary) shall fail within 45 days to discharge one or more non-monetary judgments or orders which
 individually or in the aggregate
 could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect
 which judgments or orders
 in any such case
&#8221; shall occur under the Receivables Sale Agreement as to any Originator or any Originator shall for any reason cease to transfer
 or cease to have the legal capacity to transfer
 or otherwise be incapable of transferring Receivables to Borrower under the Receivables Sale Agreement or (ii) (x) an &#8220;Event of Default&#8221; (as such term is defined in the Parent Credit Agreement) shall have occurred and be continuing under the Parent Credit Agreement and (y) to the extent that the Administrative Agent is also a party to the Parent Credit Agreement
This Agreement shall terminate in whole or in part (except in accordance with its terms)
 or shall cease to be effective or to be the legally valid
 binding and enforceable obligation of Borrower
 or any Obligor shall directly or indirectly contest in any manner such effectiveness
 validity
 binding nature or enforceability
The Performance Undertaking shall cease to be effective or to be the legally valid
 binding and enforceable obligation of Performance Guarantor
 or Performance Guarantor shall directly or indirectly contest in any manner such effectiveness
 validity
The Internal Revenue Service shall file notice of a lien pursuant to Section 6323 of the Tax Code with regard to any of the Collateral and such lien shall not have been released within fifteen (15) days
 or the PBGC shall
 or shall indicate its intention to
or (23) such other event or condition shall occur or exist with respect to a Plan; and in each case in clauses (i) and (ii) such event or condition
 when taken together with all other such events or conditions
 if any
 that have occurred
Any event shall occur which (i) materially and adversely impairs the ability of the Originators to originate Receivables of a credit quality that is
 on average
 at least equal to the average credit quality of the Receivables sold or contributed to Borrower on the date of this Agreement or (ii) has
 or would be reasonably expected to have
.  Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default:  (i) the Administrative Agent
 upon the direction of the Required Committed Lenders
 shall replace the Person then acting as Servicer
 (ii) the Administrative Agent may (and
 upon direction of the Required Committed Lenders
 the Administrative Agent shall) declare the Commitment Termination Date to have occurred
 whereupon the Aggregate Commitment shall immediately terminate and the Commitment Termination Date shall forthwith occur
 all without demand
 protest or further notice of any kind
provided
 however
 that upon the occurrence of an Event of Default described in Section 9.1(j)
 the Commitment Termination Date shall automatically occur
 without demand
 protest or any notice of any kind
 all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Loan Party
 (iii) the Administrative Agent may (and
 upon the direction of the Required Committed Lenders
 shall) deliver the Collection Notices to the Collection Banks
 (iv) the Administrative Agent may (and
 upon the direction of the Required Committed Lenders
 shall) exercise all rights and remedies of a secured party upon default under the UCC and the PPSA and other applicable laws
 and (v) the Administrative Agent may (and
 upon the direction of the Required Committed Lenders
 shall) notify Obligors of the Administrative Agent&#8217;s security interest in the Receivables and other Collateral and instruct them to make future payments into accounts designated by the Administrative Agent.  The aforementioned rights and remedies shall be without limitation
to all other rights and remedies of the Agents and the Lenders otherwise available under any other provision of this Agreement
 by operation of law
 at equity or otherwise
 all of which are hereby expressly preserved
 including
 without limitation
 all rights and remedies provided under the UCC
.  Without limiting any other rights that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have hereunder or under applicable law
 (A) Borrower hereby agrees to indemnify (and pay upon demand to) each of the Agents
 each of the Conduits
 each of the Committed Lenders and each of the respective assigns
 officers
 directors
 agents and employees of the foregoing (each
&#8221;) from and against any and all damages
 losses
 claims
 Taxes
 liabilities
 costs
 expenses and for all other amounts payable
 including reasonable attorneys&#8217; fees actually incurred (which attorneys may be employees of the Administrative Agent or such Lender) and disbursements and
 to the extent the Borrower does not timely pay such indemnity
 any additional liability (including penalties
&#8221;) awarded against or incurred by any of them arising out of or as a result of this Agreement
 any Letter of Credit or the acquisition
 either directly or indirectly
 by a Lender of an interest in the Receivables
 (C) the Servicer hereby agrees to indemnify (and pay upon demand to) the Borrower for any Taxes imposed under Canadian federal or provincial law on the Borrower (including for greater certainty such Taxes on net income and branch profits and such Taxes
 if any
 that were required to be withheld from the Servicing Fees
 and related penalties
 interest and costs) arising out of the Servicer&#8217;s activities and services as Servicer hereunder (including its delegatees&#8217; and sub-contractors&#8217; activities and services); (D) the Servicer hereby agrees to indemnify and hold each Indemnified Party harmless against any Canadian withholding taxes (including any related penalties
 interest and costs) that may be either assessed against such Indemnified Party or required to be withheld or recovered from the Borrower by the Canadian Originator as a result of (i) the purchase of Receivables from the Canadian Originator and any portion of the Purchase Price thereof remaining unpaid or being paid with a Subordinated Loan or contributed by the Canadian Originator to the capital of the Borrower
 or (ii) the receipt by the Borrower of an indemnity payment pursuant to the foregoing. If the Borrower receives a refund of any such Canadian withholding taxes with respect to which it has received an indemnity payment from the Canadian Originator or the Servicer
 the Borrower shall pay over such refund plus any interest received thereon to the Canadian Originator or the Servicer
excluding
 however
Indemnified Amounts to the extent the same includes losses in respect of Receivables that are uncollectible on account of the insolvency
(i) taxes imposed on or measured by such Indemnified Party&#8217;s net income
 and franchise taxes and branch profit taxes imposed on it
 by the jurisdiction under the laws of which such Indemnified Party is organized or any political subdivision thereof
 (ii) taxes imposed on or measured by such Indemnified Party&#8217;s net income
 and franchise taxes and branch profit taxes imposed on it
 by the jurisdiction in which such Indemnified Party&#8217;s principal executive office is located or any political subdivision thereof and (iii) in the case of a Foreign Lender
 any withholding tax that is imposed on amounts payable to such Foreign Lender at the time such Foreign Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (or designates a new lending office)
 except to the extent that such Foreign Lender was entitled at the time of designating a new lending office
 to receive additional amounts with respect to such withholding tax pursuant to this Section 10.1 (all of the foregoing contained in clauses (i)
 (ii) and (iii) collectively
provided
 however
 that nothing contained in this sentence shall limit the liability of any Loan Party or limit the recourse of the Lenders to any Loan Party for amounts otherwise specifically provided to be paid by such Loan Party under the terms of this Agreement.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing indemnification
 Borrower shall indemnify the Agents and the Lenders for Indemnified Amounts (including
 without limitation
 losses in respect of uncollectible receivables
any representation or warranty made by any Loan Party or any Originator (or any officers of any such Person) under or in connection with this Agreement
 any other Transaction Document or any other information or report delivered by any such Person pursuant hereto or thereto
the failure by Borrower
 the Servicer or any Originator to comply with any applicable law
 rule or regulation with respect to any Receivable or Contract related thereto
 or the nonconformity of any Receivable or Contract included therein with any such applicable law
 rule or regulation or any failure of any Originator to keep or perform any of its obligations
 express or implied
any failure of Borrower
 the Servicer or any Originator to perform its duties
any products liability
 personal injury or damage suit
 or other similar claim arising out of or in connection with merchandise
any dispute
 claim
 offset or defense (other than a defense related to the financial condition
 or discharge in bankruptcy
 of the Obligor) of the Obligor to the payment of any Receivable (including
 without limitation
 a defense based on such Receivable or the related Contract not being a legal
 valid and binding obligation of such Obligor enforceable against it in accordance with its terms)
any investigation
 litigation or proceeding related to or arising from this Agreement or any other Transaction Document
 the transactions contemplated hereby
 the use of the proceeds of any Advance
 the Collateral or any other investigation
 litigation or proceeding relating to Borrower
any Regulatory Change which increases the cost of
 or lowers the Yield
any inability to litigate any claim against any Obligor in respect of any Receivable as a result of such Obligor being immune from civil and commercial law and suit on the grounds of sovereignty or otherwise from any legal action
any failure of Borrower to acquire and maintain legal and equitable title to
 and ownership of any of the Collateral from the applicable Originator
 free and clear of any Adverse Claim (other than as created hereunder); or any failure of Borrower to give reasonably equivalent value to any Originator under the Receivables Sale Agreement in consideration of the transfer by such Originator of any Receivable
any failure to vest and maintain vested in the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders
 or to transfer to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties
 a valid first priority perfected security interests in the Collateral
 free and clear of any Adverse Claim (other than Adverse Claims in favor of the Administrative Agent
the failure to have filed
 or any delay in filing
 financing statements or other similar instruments or documents under the UCC and the PPSA of any applicable jurisdiction or other applicable laws with respect to any Collateral
 and the proceeds thereof
any civil penalty or fine assessed by OFAC against
Notwithstanding the foregoing
 (A) the foregoing indemnification is not intended to
 and shall not
 constitute a guarantee of the collectability or payment of the Receivables; and (B) except as provided in clause (xviii) above solely in relation to In-Transit Receivables
 nothing in this Section 10.1 shall require Borrower to indemnify the Indemnified Parties for Receivables which are not collected
 not paid or otherwise uncollectible on account of the insolvency
 bankruptcy
If after the date hereof
 any Affected Entity shall be charged any fee
 expense or increased cost on account of any Regulatory Change (i) that subjects such Affected Entity to any charge or withholding on or with respect to any Funding Agreement or such Affected Entity&#8217;s obligations under any Funding Agreement
 or on or with respect to the Receivables
 or changes the basis of taxation of payments to such Affected Entity of any amounts payable under any Funding Agreement (except for changes in the rate of tax on the overall net income of such Affected Entity or Excluded Taxes) or (ii) that imposes
 modifies or deems applicable any reserve
 assessment
 insurance charge
similar requirement against assets of
 deposits with or for the account of such Affected Entity
 or credit extended by such Affected Entity pursuant to any Funding Agreement or (iii) that imposes any other condition the result of which is to increase the cost to such Affected Entity of performing its obligations under any Funding Agreement
 or to reduce the rate of return on such Affected Entity&#8217;s capital as a consequence of its obligations under any Funding Agreement
 or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Affected Entity under any Funding Agreement or to require any payment calculated by reference to the amount of interests or loans held or interest received by it
 then
 upon demand by the applicable Co-Agent
 on behalf of such Affected Entity
 and receipt by Borrower of a certificate as to such amounts (to be conclusive absent manifest error)
 Borrower shall pay to such Co-Agent
 as applicable
 for the benefit of such Affected Entity
(i) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing
 if Borrower shall be required by applicable law to deduct any Indemnified Taxes from any payments made to any Affected Entity
 then (a) the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that
 after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 10.2)
 such Affected Entity receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made
 (b) Borrower shall make such deductions and (c) Borrower shall timely pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law.  As soon as practicable
 but in no event more than 30 days after any payment of such Indemnified Taxes by Borrower to a Governmental Authority
 Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and the applicable Co-Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment
 a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or such Co-Agent
In addition
 the Borrower agrees to pay any and all present or future stamp
 court or documentary taxes and any other excise or property taxes or charges or similar levies which arise from any payment made under any Transaction Document or from the execution
 delivery
 performance
 enforcement or registration of
 or otherwise with respect to
If the Borrower shall be required to deduct or pay any Taxes or Other Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable under any Transaction Document to any Indemnified Party
 the Borrower shall also pay to such Indemnified Party at the time interest is paid
 such additional amount that such Indemnified Party specifies is necessary to preserve the after-tax yield (after factoring in all taxes
 including taxes imposed on or measured by net income) that such Indemnified Party would have received if such Taxes or Other Taxes had not been imposed. The Borrower shall not be required to make payment under this Section 10.2(iii) to the extent paid under Section 10.1
In connection with the foregoing
 the Borrower and the Servicer agree to cooperate with the Administrative Agent to take any action or provide any information (including any Required Data) reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to mitigate any cost
The Servicer and the Borrower acknowledge that
 in connection with the funding of the Loan
 or any portion thereof
 by a Conduit
 the Administrative Agent may be required to obtain commercial paper ratings affirmation(s).  Each of the Servicer and the Borrower agrees that it will (i) cooperate with the Administrative Agent and any rating agency involved in the issuance of such rating
 (ii) amend and/or supplement the terms of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents that define
&#8221;
&#8220;Eligible Receivable
&#8221; &#8220;Loss Reserve
&#8221; &#8220;Dilution Reserve
&#8221; &#8220;Interest and Servicing Reserve
&#8221; &#8220;Servicing Fee Rate
&#8221; &#8220;Required Reserve&#8221;
 or any defined term utilized in the definitions of such terms
 in each case
 as required by such rating agency in connection with the issuance of such rating (as so amended or supplemented
 the &#8220;Revised Documents&#8221;)
 and (iii) take all actions required to ensure that (A) it is in compliance with all material provisions
 representation
 warranties and covenants of the Revised Documents applicable to it
 (B) no Unmatured Event of Default
 Event of Default
 or any event that
 with the giving of notice or the lapse of time
 or both
 would constitute a Unmatured Event of Default or Event of Default exists under the Revised Documents and (C) all other requirements under the Revised Documents relating to the funding of the Loan or the ownership of any Receivable have been complied with.  The Borrower shall pay in immediately available funds to the Administrative Agent
 all costs and expenses in connection with this Section 10.2
 including
 without limitation
.  Subject to Section 7.1(d)
 Borrower shall pay to the Agents and the Conduits on demand all costs and out-of-pocket expenses in connection with the preparation
 execution
 delivery and administration of this Agreement
 the transactions contemplated hereby and the other documents to be delivered hereunder
 including without limitation
 the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of legal counsel for the Agents and the Conduits (which such counsel may be employees of the Agents or the Conduits) with respect thereto and with respect to advising the Agents and the Conduits as to their respective rights and remedies under this Agreement.  Borrower shall pay to the Agents on demand any and all costs and expenses of the Agents and the Lenders
 if any
 including reasonable counsel fees and expenses actually incurred in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement and the other documents delivered hereunder and in connection with any restructuring or workout of this Agreement or such documents
 or the administration of this Agreement following an Event of Default.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein
 the parties hereto agree that in no event shall the Borrower be obligated to pay the fees and expenses of more than one legal counsel in respect of the Lenders
Each Unaffiliated Committed Lender and each Committed Lender in any Conduit Group hereby designates the Person designated herein as Co-Agent for such Unaffiliated Committed Lender or Conduit Group
 as applicable
 as agent for such Person  hereunder and authorizes such Person to take such actions as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Co-Agent for such Person by the terms of this Agreement together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto.  Each Secured Party hereby irrevocably designates and appoints Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
 New York Branch as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the Transaction Documents to which the Administrative Agent is a party
 and each Lender and each Co-Agent that becomes a party to this Agreement hereafter ratifies such designation and appointment and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of the Transaction Documents and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms of the Transaction Documents
 together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto.  Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary elsewhere in this Agreement
 none of the Agents or the Letter of Credit Issuer shall have any duties or responsibilities
 except those expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to which it is a party
 or any fiduciary relationship with any Lender
 and no implied covenants
 functions
 responsibilities
 duties
 obligations or liabilities on the part of such Agent shall be read into any Transaction Document or otherwise exist against such Agent.  In addition
 the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized by each Lender
The provisions of this Article XI are solely for the benefit of the Agents
 the Letter of Credit Issuer and the Lenders
 and none of the Loan Parties shall have any rights as a third-party beneficiary or otherwise under any of the provisions of this Article XI
In performing its functions and duties hereunder
 (i) each Co-Agent shall act solely as agent for its related Committed Lender or the Lenders in its Conduit Group
 as applicable
 and does not assume nor shall be deemed to have assumed any obligation or relationship of trust or agency with or for any of the Loan Parties or any other Lenders or any of their respective successors or assigns
.  None of the Agents or the Letter of Credit Issuer or any of their directors
 officers
 agents or employees shall be (i) liable for any action lawfully taken or omitted to be taken by it or them under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document (except for its
 their or such Person&#8217;s own gross negligence or willful misconduct)
 or (ii) responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders or other Agents for any recitals
 statements
 representations or warranties made by any Loan Party contained in this Agreement
 any other Transaction Document or any certificate
 report
 statement or other document referred to or provided for in
 or received under or in connection with
 this Agreement
 or any other Transaction Document or for the value
 validity
 effectiveness
 genuineness
 enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement
 or any other Transaction Document or any other document furnished in connection herewith or therewith
 or for any failure of any Loan Party to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder
 or for the satisfaction of any condition specified in Article VI
 or for the perfection
 priority
 condition
 value or sufficiency of any collateral pledged in connection herewith.  None of the Agents or the Letter of Credit Issuer shall be under any obligation to any other Agent or any Lender to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements or covenants contained in
 or conditions of
 this Agreement or any other Transaction Document
 or to inspect the properties
 books or records of the Loan Parties.  None of the Agents or the Letter of Credit Issuer shall be deemed to have knowledge of any Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default unless such Agent has received notice from Borrower
Each of the Agents and the Letter of Credit Issuer shall in all cases be entitled to rely
 and shall be fully protected in relying
 upon any document or conversation believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed
 sent or made by the proper Person or Persons and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including
 without limitation
 counsel to Borrower)
 independent accountants and other experts selected by such Agent or Letter of Credit Issuer.  Each of the Agents and the Letter of Credit Issuer shall in all cases be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of such of the Lenders or Committed Lenders in its Conduit Group as it deems appropriate and it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Committed Lenders in its Conduit Group against any and all liability
that unless and until an Agent or the Letter of Credit Issuer shall have received such advice
 such Agent or the Letter of Credit Issuer may take or refrain from taking any action
The Administrative Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting
 or in refraining from acting
 in accordance with a request of the Required Committed Lenders or all of the Lenders
 as applicable
Any action taken by any of the Agents or the Letter of Credit Issuer in accordance with Section 11.4 shall be binding upon all of the Agents
 the Letter of Credit Issuer and the Lenders
.  Each Lender expressly acknowledges that none of the Agents
 the Letter of Credit Issuer or other Lenders
 nor any of their respective officers
 directors
 employees
 agents
 attorneys-in-fact or affiliates
 has made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by any Agent
 the Letter of Credit Issuer or other Lender hereafter taken
 including
 without limitation
 any review of the affairs of any Loan Party
 shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by such Agent or such other Lender.  Each Lender represents and warrants to each Agent and that the Letter of Credit Issuer that it has made and will make
 independently and without reliance upon any Agent
 the Letter of Credit Issuer or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate
 its own appraisal of and investigation into the business
 operations
 property
 prospects
 financial and other conditions and creditworthiness of Borrower and made its own decision to enter into its Liquidity Agreement (if applicable)
.  Each of the Committed Lenders agree to reimburse and indemnify (a) its applicable Co-Agent
 (b) the Letter of Credit Issuer and (c) the Administrative Agent and its officers
 directors
 employees
 representatives and agents ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments
 to the extent not paid or reimbursed by the Loan Parties (i) for any amounts for which such Agent
 acting in its capacity as Agent
 or the Letter of Credit Issuer is entitled to reimbursement by the Loan Parties hereunder and (ii) (A) with respect to such Agent
 for any other expenses incurred by such Agent
 in its capacity as Agent and acting on behalf of the Lenders
 in connection with the administration and enforcement of its Liquidity Agreements and the Transaction Documents and (B) with respect to the Letter of Credit Issuer
 for any other expenses incurred in its capacity as Letter of Credit Issuer
.  Each of the Agents and its Affiliates may make loans to
 accept deposits from and generally engage in any kind of business with Borrower or any Affiliate of Borrower as though such Agent were not an Agent hereunder.  With respect to the making of Loans pursuant to this Agreement
the Agents shall have the same rights and powers under any Liquidity Agreement to which it is a party and the Transaction Documents in its individual capacity as any Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not an Agent
 and the terms &#8220;
&#8221; &#8220;
.  Each Co-Agent acts
 or may in the future act:  (i) as administrative agent for such Co-Agent&#8217;s Conduit
 (ii) as issuing and paying agent for such Conduit&#8217;s Commercial Paper
 (iii) to provide credit or liquidity enhancement for the timely payment for such Conduit&#8217;s Commercial Paper and (iv) to provide other services from time to time for such Conduit (collectively
&#8221;).  Without limiting the generality of Sections 11.1 and 11.8
 each of the other Agents and the Lenders hereby acknowledges and consents to any and all Co-Agent Roles and agrees that in connection with any Co-Agent Role
 a Co-Agent may take
 or refrain from taking
 any action which it
 in its discretion
 deems appropriate
 including
 without limitation
 in its role as administrative agent for its Conduit
 the giving of notice to the Committed Lenders in its Conduit Group of a mandatory purchase pursuant to the applicable Liquidity Agreement for such Conduit Group
.  Each of the Secured Parties hereby expressly recognizes and agrees that the Administrative Agent may be listed as the assignee or secured party of record on the various UCC and PPSA  filings required to be made under the Transaction Documents in order to perfect their respective interests in the Collateral
 that such listing shall be for administrative convenience only in creating a record or nominee holder to take certain actions hereunder on behalf of the Secured Parties and that such listing will not affect in any way the status of the Secured Parties as the true parties in interest with respect to the Collateral.  In addition
.  The Administrative Agent or the Letter of Credit Issuer
 upon five (5) days&#8217; notice to the Loan Parties
 the other Agents and the Lenders
 may voluntarily resign and may be removed at any time
 with or without cause
 by Committed Lenders holding in the aggregate at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66 2/3%) of the Aggregate Commitment and the Borrower.  If the Administrative Agent (other than Rabobank) or the Letter of Credit Issuer (other than Rabobank) shall voluntarily resign or be removed as Agent or Letter of Credit Issuer under this Agreement
 then the Required Committed Lenders during such five-day period shall appoint
 with the consent of Borrower from among the remaining Committed Lenders
 a successor Administrative Agent or a successor Letter of Credit Issuer
 whereupon such successor Administrative Agent or such successor Letter of Credit Issuer shall succeed to the rights
 powers and duties of the Administrative Agent or the Letter of Credit Issuer
 respectively.  The term &#8220;Administrative Agent&#8221; shall mean such successor agent
upon its appointment
 and the former Administrative Agent&#8217;s rights
 powers and duties as Administrative Agent shall be terminated
 without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former Administrative Agent or any of the parties to this Agreement.  The term &#8220;Letter of Credit Issuer&#8221; shall mean such successor Letter of Credit Issuer
 effective upon its appointment
 and the former Letter of Credit Issuer&#8217;s rights
 powers and duties as Letter of Credit Issuer shall be terminated
 without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former Letter of Credit Issuer or any of the parties to this Agreement. Upon resignation or replacement of any Agent in accordance with this Section 11.10
 the retiring Administrative Agent shall execute such UCC-3 assignments and amendments
 and assignments and amendments of any Liquidity Agreement to which it is a party and the Transaction Documents
 as may be necessary to give effect to its replacement by a successor Administrative Agent.  After any retiring Administrative Agent&#8217;s resignation hereunder as Administrative Agent or retiring Letter of Credit Issuer&#8217;s resignation hereunder as Letter of Credit Issuer
 the provisions of this Article XI and Article X shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Administrative Agent or Letter of Credit Issuer
 respectively
 under this Agreement.  In addition
Each of the Agents
 the Letter of Credit Issuer
 the Loan Parties and the Committed Lenders hereby agrees and consents to the complete or partial assignment by each Conduit of all or any portion of its rights under
 interest in
Any Lender may at any time and from time to time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees (each
provided
 however
delayed) and (ii) agree to deliver to the applicable Co-Agent
 as the case may be
 promptly following any request therefor by such Person
 an enforceability opinion in form and substance satisfactory to such Person.  Upon delivery of an executed Assignment Agreement to the applicable Co-Agent
 such selling Lender shall be released from its obligations hereunder and
 if applicable
 under its Liquidity Agreement to the extent of such assignment.  Thereafter the Purchasing Lender shall for all purposes be a Lender party to this Agreement and
 if applicable
 its Conduit Group&#8217;s Liquidity Agreement and shall have all the rights and obligations of a Lender hereunder and thereunder to the same extent as if it were an original party hereto and thereto and no further consent or action by Borrower
&#32;(i)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein
 each of the Committed Lenders agrees that in the event that it shall become a Defaulting Lender
 then until such time as such Committed Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender
 to the extent permitted by applicable law
 such Defaulting Lender&#8217;s right to vote in respect of any amendment
provided
 however
that
 except as otherwise set forth in this Section 12.1(c)
 the foregoing suspension shall not empower Lenders that are not Defaulting Lenders to increase a Defaulting Lender&#8217;s Commitment
 decrease the rate of interest or fees applicable to
 or extend the maturity date of such Defaulting Lender&#8217;s Advances or other Obligations owing to such Lender
 in each case
 without such Lender&#8217;s consent.  No Commitment of any Committed Lender shall be increased or otherwise affected
 and except as otherwise expressly provided in this Section 12.1(c)
 performance by the Borrower of its obligations hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents shall not be excused or otherwise modified
To the extent that any Committed Lender is a Defaulting Lender with respect to an Advance
 the Borrower may deliver a notice to the Lenders specifying the date of such Advance
 the identity of the Defaulting Lender and the portion of such Advance that the Defaulting Lender failed to fund
 which notice shall be deemed to be an additional Borrowing Notice in respect of such unfunded portion of such Advance
 and each Committed Lender (or its related Conduit
 if applicable
 and acting in its sole discretion) shall
 to the extent of its remaining unfunded Commitment and subject to the continued fulfillment of all applicable conditions precedent set forth herein with respect to such Advance
 fund its Percentage (recomputed by excluding the Commitment of Defaulting Lenders from the Aggregate Commitment) of such unfunded portion of such Advance not later than 2:30 p.m. (New York City time) on the Business Day following the date of such notice.  To the extent that any Committed Lender is a Defaulting Lender on any date that the Letter of Credit Liability is greater than zero
 each Committed Lender shall
 automatically and without further action of any kind upon such date
increased participation interest in the Letters of Credit outstanding
 along with all accompanying rights and obligations described in Section 1.7
Until the Defaulting Lender Excess of a Defaulting Lender has been reduced to zero
 any payment of the principal of any Loan to a Defaulting Lender shall
 unless the Required Committed Lenders agree otherwise
 be applied first (1) ratably
 to the reduction of the Loans or L/C Participation Funding(s) funding any defaulted portion of Advances or L/C Participation Funding(s) pursuant to Section 12.1(c)(ii) and then (2) ratably to reduce the Loans of each of the Lenders that are not Defaulting Lenders in accordance with the principal amount (if any) thereof.  Subject to the preceding sentence
 any amount paid by or on behalf of the Borrower for the account of a Defaulting Lender under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document will not be paid or distributed to such Defaulting Lender
 but will instead be applied to the making of payments from time to time in the following order of priority until such Defaulting Lender has ceased to be a Defaulting Lender as provided below: 
 to the funding of any portion of any Advance or L/C Participation Funding(s) in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund as required by this Agreement
 as determined by the Administrative Agent; 
 held in a segregated subaccount of the Collection Account as cash collateral for future funding obligations of the Defaulting Lender in respect of Advances or L/C Participation Funding(s) under this Agreement; and 
 after the termination of the Commitments and payment in full of all Obligations
During any period that a Committed Lender is a Defaulting Lender
 the Borrower shall not accrue or be required to pay
 and such Defaulting Lender shall not be entitled to receive
 the Unused Fee (as defined in the Fee Letter) otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender under this Agreement at any time
 or with respect to any period
During any period that a Committed Lender is a Defaulting Lender
 the Borrower may
 by giving written notice thereof to the Administrative Agent and such Defaulting Lender
 require such Defaulting Lender
 at the cost and expense of the Borrower
 to assign and delegate
 without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in
 and consents required by
)
 (i) all and not less than all of its interests
 rights and obligations under this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to an assignee or assignees that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender
 if such other Lender accepts such assignment) in whole or (ii) all of its interests
 rights and obligations under this Agreement and the Transaction Documents with respect to all prospective Commitments
such complete or partial replacement or to assist in finding an assignee.  In connection with any such complete or partial assignment
 such Defaulting Lender shall promptly execute all documents reasonably requested to effect such assignment
 including an appropriate Assignment Agreement.  No such assignment shall be effective unless and until
 in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein
 (A) to the extent that the assignee is assuming all of the interests
 rights and obligations of the Defaulting Lender
 the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments in an aggregate amount sufficient
 upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment
 purchases by the assignee of participations
 or other compensating actions
 including funding
 with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent
 the applicable Percentage of Advances previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender
 to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent)
 to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Borrower or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon)
 and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) the Loans made by such Defaulting Lender or members of such Defaulting Lender Group
 as applicable
 (B) to the extent that the assignee is assuming all of the interests
 rights and obligations of the Defaulting Lender
 such Defaulting Lender or members of such Defaulting Lender Group
 as applicable
 shall have received payment of an amount equal to all of its Loans outstanding
 accrued interest thereon
) and all other amounts
 including any Breakage Costs
 payable to it and its Affected Entities hereunder and the other Transaction Documents through (but excluding) the date of such assignment from the assignee or the Borrower
 and (C) such assignment does not conflict with applicable law.  Notwithstanding the foregoing
 in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph
If the Borrower
 Servicer
 and the Administrative Agent agree in writing in their discretion that a Committed Lender that is a Defaulting Lender should no longer be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender
 the Administrative Agent will so notify the Lenders and the Co-Agents
 whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein
 such Committed Lender will
 to the extent applicable
 purchase such portion of outstanding Advances of the other Lenders and make such other adjustments as the Administrative Agent may reasonably determine to be necessary to cause the interest of the Lenders in the Aggregate Principal to be on a pro rata basis in accordance with their respective Percentages
 whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; 
that
 except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties
The rights and remedies of the Borrower
&#32;are in addition to any other rights and remedies the Borrower
 the Agents and the other Lender may have against such Defaulting Lender under this Agreement
 any of the other Transaction Documents
Any Committed Lender that fails to timely fund a Loan shall be obligated to promptly (but in any event not later than 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the Business Day after the date of the related Advance) notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent if any such failure is the result of an administrative error or omission by such Committed Lender or force majeure
 computer malfunction
 interruption of communication facilities
 labor difficulties or other causes
 in each case to the extent beyond such Committed Lender&#8217;s reasonable control.  If (i) the Administrative Agent had been notified by the Borrower or the affected Committed Lender that a Committed Lender has failed to timely fund a Loan
 (ii) a Responsible Officer of the Administrative Agent has actual knowledge or has written notice that such Committed Lender is the subject of an Event of Bankruptcy or has publicly announced that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations under this Agreement or (iii) the Administrative Agent had been notified by the affected Committed Lender that a Committed Lender has failed timely to deliver the written confirmation contemplated by clause (a)(iii) of the definition of &#8220;Defaulting Lender&#8221;
No Loan Party may assign any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of each of the Agents and each of the Lenders and without satisfying the Rating Agency Condition
.  Any Committed Lender may
 in the ordinary course of its business at any time sell to one or more Persons (each
&#8221;) participating interests in its Pro Rata Share of its Conduit Group&#8217;s Percentage of Aggregate Commitment
 its Loans
 its Letters of Credit
 its Liquidity Commitment (if applicable) or any other interest of such Committed Lender hereunder or
 if applicable
 under its Liquidity Agreement.  Notwithstanding any such sale by a Committed Lender of a participating interest to a Participant
 such Committed Lender&#8217;s rights and obligations under this Agreement and
 if applicable
 such Liquidity Agreement shall remain unchanged
 such Committed Lender shall remain solely responsible for the performance of its obligations hereunder and
 if applicable
 under its Liquidity Agreement
 and the Loan Parties
 the Lenders and the Agents shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Committed Lender in connection with such Committed Lender&#8217;s rights and obligations under this Agreement and
 if applicable
not restrict such Committed Lender&#8217;s right to agree to any amendment
 supplement
 waiver or modification to this Agreement
 except for any amendment
 supplement
&#8221;) for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders and the Pro Rata Share of
 outstanding principal amount of all Advances owing to and Interest of
 each Lender from time to time
 which Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.  No assignment under this Article XII shall be effective until the entries described in the preceding sentence have been made in the Register.  The entries in the Register shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes
 absent manifest error
 and the Borrower
 the Servicer
 the Lenders
 the Co-Agents
.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary
 any Lender may at any time pledge or grant a security interest in all or any portion of its rights (including
 without limitation
 any Loan and any rights to payment of principal or interest thereon) under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender to a Federal Reserve Bank
 without notice to or consent of Borrower
 Servicer or any Agent; provided that no such pledge or grant of a security interest shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder
.  To secure the due and punctual payment of the Obligations
 whether now or hereafter existing
 due or to become due
 direct or indirect
 or absolute or contingent
 including
 without limitation
 all Indemnified Amounts
 in each case pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof
 Borrower hereby grants to the Administrative Agent
 for the benefit of the Secured Parties
 a security interest in
 all of Borrower&#8217;s right
 title and interest
 whether now owned and existing or hereafter arising in and to all of the Receivables
 the Related Security
 the Collections
 and all proceeds of the foregoing (collectively
.  Each of the Secured Parties hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent
 and the Administrative Agent hereby agrees
 promptly after the Final Payout Date to execute and deliver to Borrower such UCC termination statements as may be necessary to terminate the Administrative Agent&#8217;s security interest in and lien upon the Collateral
Date
 all right
No failure or delay on the part of any Agent or any Lender in exercising any power
 right or remedy under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof
 nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power
 right or remedy preclude any other further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other power
No provision of this Agreement may be amended
 supplemented
 modified or waived except in writing in accordance with the provisions of this Section 14.1(b).  The Loan Parties
provided
 however
without the consent of each affected Lender
 (A) extend the Scheduled Termination Date or the date of any payment or deposit of Collections by Borrower or the Servicer
 (B) reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of Interest or any CP Costs (or any component of Interest or CP Costs)
 (C) reduce any fee payable to any Agent for the benefit of the Lenders
 (D) except pursuant to Article XII hereof
 change the amount of the principal of any Lender
 any Committed Lender&#8217;s Pro Rata Share or any Committed Lender&#8217;s Commitment
 (E) amend
 modify or waive any provision of the definition of Required Committed Lenders or this Section 14.1(b)
 (F) consent to or permit the assignment or transfer by Borrower of any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement
 (G) change the definition of 
&#8220;Eligible Receivable
&#8221; &#8220;Loss Reserve
&#8221; &#8220;Dilution Reserve
&#8221; &#8220;Interest and Servicing Reserve
&#8221; &#8220;Required Reserve
&#8220;Required Reserve Factor Floor
&#8220;Servicing Fee Rate
without the written consent of any affected Agent
 amend
 modify or waive any provision of this Agreement if the effect thereof is to affect the rights or duties of such Agent
and any material amendment
 waiver or other modification of this Agreement shall require satisfaction of the Rating Agency Condition
&#32;&#32;Notwithstanding the foregoing
Committed Lenders
 but with the consent of Borrower
 any Co-Agent may direct the Administrative Agent to amend this Agreement solely to add additional Persons as Committed Lenders in respect of the related Conduit Group hereunder and (ii) the Agents
 the Required Committed Lenders and the Conduits may enter into amendments to modify any of the terms or provisions of Article XI
 Article XII
that such amendment has no negative impact upon Borrower.  Any modification or waiver made in accordance with this Section 14.1 shall apply to each of the Lenders equally and shall be binding upon Borrower
.  Except as provided in this Section 14.2
 all communications and notices provided for hereunder shall be in writing (including bank wire
 telecopy or electronic facsimile transmission or similar writing) and shall be given to the other parties hereto at their respective addresses or telecopy numbers set forth on the signature pages hereof or at such other address or telecopy number as such Person may hereafter specify for the purpose of notice to each of the other parties hereto.  Each such notice or other communication shall be effective (i) if given by telecopy
 upon the receipt thereof
 (ii) if given by mail
 three (3) Business Days after the time such communication is deposited in the mail with first class postage prepaid or (iii) if given by any other means
provided
 however
.  If (a) any Lender
 whether by setoff or otherwise
 has payment made to it with respect to any portion of the Obligations owing to such Lender (other than payments received pursuant to Section 10.2 or 10.3) in a greater proportion than that received by any other Lender in such Lender&#8217;s Conduit Group entitled to receive a ratable share of such Obligations
 such Lender agrees
 promptly upon demand
 to purchase for cash without recourse or warranty a portion of such Obligations held by the other Lenders in such Lender&#8217;s Conduit Group so that after such purchase each Lender in such Conduit Group will hold its Pro Rata Share of such Obligations and (b) any Conduit Group
 whether by set off or otherwise
 has payment made to such Conduit Group (other than payments received pursuant to Section 10.2 or 10.3) in a greater proportion than that received by any other Conduit Group entitled to receive a ratable share of such Obligations
 the Lenders in such Conduit Group agree
 promptly upon demand
 to purchase for cash without recourse or warranty a portion of such Obligations held by the other Conduit Groups so that after such purchase each Lender in such Conduit Group
 taken together
that in the case of the preceding clauses (a) and (b)
 if all or any portion of such excess amount is thereafter recovered from such Lender or Conduit Group
 as applicable
 such purchase shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery
Borrower agrees that from time to time
 at its expense
 it will promptly execute and deliver all instruments and documents
 and take all actions
 that may be necessary or desirable
 or that any of the Agents may request
 to perfect
 protect or more fully evidence the Administrative Agent&#8217;s security interest in the Collateral
 or to enable the Agents or the Lenders to exercise and enforce their rights and remedies hereunder.  At any time after the occurrence of an Event of Default
 the Administrative Agent may
 or the Administrative Agent may direct Borrower or the Servicer to
 notify the Obligors of Receivables
 at Borrower&#8217;s expense
 of the ownership or security interests of the Lenders under this Agreement and may also direct that payments of all amounts due or that become due under any or all Receivables be made directly to the Administrative Agent or its designee.  Borrower or the Servicer (as applicable) shall
 at any Lender&#8217;s request
If any Loan Party fails to perform any of its obligations hereunder
 the Administrative Agent or any Lender may (but shall not be required to) perform
 or cause performance of
 such obligations
 and the Administrative Agent&#8217;s or such Lender&#8217;s costs and expenses incurred in connection therewith shall be payable by Borrower as provided in Section 10.3.  Each Loan Party irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent at any time and from time to time in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent
 and appoints the Administrative Agent as its attorney-in-fact
 to act on behalf of such Loan Party (i) to execute on behalf of Borrower as debtor and to file financing statements necessary or desirable in the Administrative Agent&#8217;s sole discretion to perfect and to maintain the perfection and priority of the interest of the Lenders in the Receivables and (ii) to file a carbon
 photographic or other reproduction of this Agreement or any financing statement with respect to the Receivables as a financing statement in such offices as the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion deems necessary or desirable to perfect and to maintain the perfection and priority of the Administrative Agent&#8217;s security interest in the Collateral
Each Loan Party and each Lender shall maintain and shall cause each of its employees and officers to maintain the confidentiality of the Fee Letter
 the L/C Fee Letter and the other confidential or proprietary information with respect to the Agents and the Conduits and their respective businesses obtained by it or them in connection with the structuring
 negotiating and execution of the transactions contemplated herein
Each of the Lenders and each of the Agents shall maintain and shall cause each of its officers
 directors
 employees
 investors
 potential investors
 credit enhancers
 outside accountants
 attorneys and other advisors to maintain the confidentiality of any nonpublic information with respect to the Originators and the Loan Parties
 except that any of the foregoing may disclose such information (i) to any party to this Agreement
(ii) to any provider of a surety
 guaranty or credit or liquidity enhancement to any Conduit
 (iii) to the outside accountants
 attorneys and other advisors of any Person described in clause (i) or (ii) above
 (iv) to any prospective or actual assignee or participant of any of the Agents or any Lender
 (v) to any rating agency who rates the Commercial Paper
 to any Commercial Paper dealer
 (vi) to any other entity organized for the purpose of purchasing
 or making loans secured by
 financial assets for which any Co-Agent (or one of its Affiliates) acts as the administrative agent and to any officers
 directors
 employees
that each Person described in the foregoing clause (ii)
 (iii)
 (iv)
 (v) or (vi) is informed of the confidential nature of such information and
 in the case of a Person described in clause (iv)
 agrees in writing to maintain the confidentiality of such information in accordance with this Section 14.5(b); and (vii) as required pursuant to any law
 rule
 regulation
 direction
 request or order of any judicial
 administrative or regulatory authority or proceedings (whether or not having the force or effect of law).  Notwithstanding the foregoing
 (x) each Conduit and its officers
 directors
 employees
 investors
 potential investors
 credit enhancers
 outside accountants
 attorneys and other advisors shall be permitted to disclose Receivables performance information and details concerning the structure of the facility contemplated hereby in summary form and in a manner not identifying the Originators
 Borrower
 the Servicer
 the Performance Guarantor
 or the Obligors to prospective investors in Commercial Paper issued by such Conduit
 and (y) the Conduits
Notwithstanding any other express or implied agreement to the contrary
 the parties hereto hereby agree and acknowledge that each of them and each of their employees
 representatives
 and other agents may disclose to any and all persons
 without limitation of any kind
 the tax treatment and tax structure of the transaction and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to any of them relating to such tax treatment and tax structure
 except to the extent that confidentiality is reasonably necessary to comply with U.S. federal or state securities laws.  For purposes of this Section 14.5(c)
.  Borrower
 the Servicer
 the Agents and each Committed Lender hereby covenants and agrees that
 prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding senior indebtedness of any Conduit
 it will not institute against
 or join any other Person in instituting against
 such Conduit any bankruptcy
 reorganization
 arrangement
.  Except with respect to any claim arising out of the willful misconduct or gross negligence of any Conduit
 the Agents or any Committed Lender
 no claim may be made by any Loan Party or any other Person against any Conduit
 the Agents or any Committed Lender or their respective Affiliates
 directors
 officers
 employees
 attorneys or agents for any special
 indirect
in respect of any claim for breach of contract or any other theory of liability arising out of or related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
 or any act
 omission or event occurring in connection therewith; and each Loan Party hereby waives
 releases
 and agrees not to sue upon any claim for any such damages
The obligations of each Conduit under this Agreement shall be payable solely out of the funds of such Conduit available for such purpose and shall be solely the corporate obligations of such Conduit.  No recourse shall be had for the payment of any amount owing in respect of this Agreement or for the payment of any fee hereunder or for any other obligation or claim arising out of or based upon this Agreement against any Agent
 any Affiliate of any of the foregoing
 or any stockholder
 employee
 officer
 director
.  THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK
 WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS THEREOF (EXCEPT IN THE CASE OF THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS
 TO THE EXTENT OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY STATED THEREIN) AND EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THE PERFECTION OF THE OWNERSHIP INTEREST OF BORROWER OR THE SECURITY INTEREST OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT
 FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE SECURED PARTIES
.  EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR NEW YORK STATE COURT SITTING IN NEW YORK
 NEW YORK
 IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY DOCUMENT EXECUTED BY SUCH PERSON PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT
 AND EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN ANY SUCH COURT AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE AS TO THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH SUIT
 ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN SUCH A COURT OR THAT SUCH COURT IS AN INCONVENIENT FORUM. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL LIMIT THE RIGHT OF ANY AGENT OR ANY LENDER TO BRING PROCEEDINGS AGAINST ANY LOAN PARTY IN THE COURTS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING BY ANY LOAN PARTY AGAINST ANY AGENT OR ANY LENDER OR ANY AFFILIATE OF ANY AGENT OR ANY LENDER INVOLVING
 DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY
 ANY MATTER IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF
 RELATED TO
 OR CONNECTED WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY DOCUMENT EXECUTED BY SUCH LOAN PARTY PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE BROUGHT ONLY IN A COURT IN NEW YORK
.  EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING INVOLVING
 DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY
 ANY MATTER (WHETHER SOUNDING IN TORT
 CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF
 RELATED TO
 OR CONNECTED WITH THIS AGREEMENT
provided
 however
 that the rights and remedies with respect to (i) any breach of any representation and warranty made by any Loan Party pursuant to Article V
 (ii) the indemnification and payment provisions of Article X
.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts
 each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement.  Any provisions of this Agreement which are prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall
 as to such jurisdiction
 be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof
 and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.  Unless otherwise expressly indicated
&#8220;Article
&#8221; &#8220;Section
&#32;shall mean articles and sections of
 and schedules and exhibits to
.  The parties acknowledge and agree that
 notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary
 the rights and remedies of the Lenders with respect to the enforcement of this Agreement and the rights and obligations of the Secured Parties with respect to the application of the Collateral are subject to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement.
SMITHFIELD RECEIVABLES FUNDING LLC
By:  SFFC
 Inc.
3411 Silverside Rd
Wilmington
c/o Smithfield Foods
Smithfield
 VA 23430
SMITHFIELD FOODS
 INC.
Smithfield Foods
Smithfield
 VA 23430
CO&#214;PERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN-BOERENLEENBANK B.A.
 &#8220;RABOBANK NEDERLAND&#8221;
 NEW YORK BRANCH
 AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT
New York
NIEUW AMSTERDAM RECEIVABLES CORPORATION
c/o Global Securitization Services
68 South Service Road
Melville
As used in the Agreement and the Exhibits and Schedules thereto
 capitalized terms have the meanings set forth in this Exhibit I (such meanings to be equally applicable to the singular and plural forms thereof).  Any references in the Agreement or this Exhibit I to any Person includes such Persons successors and permitted assigns.  The words &#8220;hereof
As used in this Agreement
&#8221; means
 at any time
&#8221; means
 for each Settlement Period
 the weighted daily average of (a) a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate on each day of such Settlement Period
 plus (b) the Market Spread  per annum on each day of such Settlement Period.  For purposes of determining the Adjusted Federal Funds Rate for any day
&#8221; means (i) any Funding Source
 (ii) any agent
 administrator or manager of a Conduit
&#8221; means
 with respect to any Person
 any other Person directly or indirectly controlling
 controlled by
 or under direct or indirect common control with
 such Person or any Subsidiary of such Person.  A Person shall be deemed to control another Person if (a) the controlling Person owns 10-50% of any class of voting securities of the controlled Person only if it also possesses
 directly or indirectly
 the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the controlled Person
 whether through ownership of stock
by contract or otherwise
&#8221; means
 on any date of determination
 the aggregate amount of the Committed Lenders&#8217; Commitments to make Loans and the L/C Credit Extensions hereunder.  As of June 9
 2011
 the Aggregate Commitment is $275
000
&#8221; means
 on any date of determination
&#8221; means this Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement
&#8221; means for any day
&#32;equal to the higher as of such day of (i) the Prime Rate
 or (ii) one-half of one percent (0.50%) above the Federal Funds Rate.  For purposes of determining the Alternate Base Rate for any day
 changes in the Prime Rate or the Federal Funds Rate shall be effective on the date of each such change.  In addition
 the Alternate Base Rate shall be rounded
 if necessary
&#8221; means Dollars
 Canadian Dollars and Yen
means any country which is a member of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development
 excluding (a) the province of Quebec in the country of Canada or (b) any country whose Governmental Authority (i) shall have admitted in writing its inability to pay its debts as the same become due
&#8221; means
 with respect to any Person
 its president
 corporate controller
&#8221; means the Bankruptcy Code of 1978
&#8221; means
 on any date of determination
 the Net Pool Balance as of the last day of the period covered by the most recent Monthly Report
&#32;the Required Reserve as of the last day of the period covered by the most recent Monthly Report
&#8221; means for any CP Rate Loan or LIBO Rate Loan which:  (a) in the case of a CP Rate Loan
 has its principal reduced without compliance by Borrower with the notice requirements hereunder
 (b) in the case of a CP Rate Loan or a LIBO Rate Loan
 does not become subject to an Aggregate Reduction following the delivery of any Reduction Notice
 (c) in the case of a CP Rate Loan
 is assigned under the applicable Liquidity Agreement or (d) in the case of a LIBO Rate Loan
 is terminated or reduced prior to the last day of its Interest Period
 whether voluntarily or due to the occurrence of the Commitment Termination Date
 an amount equal to the excess
 if any
 of (i) the CP Costs or Interest (as applicable) that would have accrued during the remainder of the Interest Periods or the tranche periods for Commercial Paper determined by the Administrative Agent to relate to such Loan (as applicable) subsequent to the date of such reduction
 assignment or termination (or in respect of clause (b) above
 the date such Aggregate Reduction was designated to occur pursuant to the Reduction Notice) of the principal of such Loan if such reduction
 assignment or termination had not occurred or such Reduction Notice had not been delivered
 over (ii) the sum of (x) to the extent all or a portion of such principal is allocated to another Loan
 the amount of CP Costs or Interest actually accrued during the remainder of such period on such principal for the new Loan
 and (y) to the extent such principal is not allocated to another Loan
 the income
 if any
 actually received during the remainder of such period by the holder of such Loan from investing the portion of such principal not so allocated.  In the event that the amount referred to in clause (ii) exceeds the amount referred to in clause (i)
&#8221; means a day of the year on which banks are not required or authorized by law to close in New York
 New York
 Toronto
 Ontario or The Depositary Trust Company of New York is open for business and
 if the applicable Business Day relates to any determination of a LIBO Rate
means June 9
&#8221; means with respect to each Lender
&#8221; means promissory notes of any Conduit issued by such Conduit
 in each case
&#8221; means
 for each Committed Lender
 the commitment of such Committed Lender to make (i) in the case of an Unaffiliated Committed Lender
Percentage of Loans to Borrower hereunder or (ii) in the case of a Committed Lender in a Conduit Group
 its Pro Rata Share of such Conduit Group&#8217;s Percentage of Loans to Borrower hereunder in the event the applicable Conduit elects not to fund any Advance
 in either case
&#8221; means the earliest to occur of (i) the day on which any of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 6.2 (other than Section 6.2(d)(ii)(B)) are not satisfied
 (ii) the Business Day immediately prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default described in Section 9.1(j)
 (iii) the Business Day specified in a written notice from the Administrative Agent following the occurrence of any other Event of Default
&#8221; means (i) each Unaffiliated Committed Lender and (ii) with respect to each Conduit Group
&#8221; means any Lender that is designated as the Conduit in the Lender Supplement or in the Assignment Agreement pursuant to which it became a party to this Agreement
&#8221; means
 collectively
 (i) a Conduit or Conduits
 as the case may be
&#8221; of a Person means any agreement
 undertaking or arrangement by which such Person assumes
 guarantees
 endorses
 contingently agrees to purchase or provide funds for the payment of
 or otherwise becomes or is contingently liable upon
 the obligation or liability of any other Person
 or agrees to maintain the net worth or working capital or other financial condition of any other Person
 or otherwise assures any creditor of such other Person against loss
 including
 without limitation
 any comfort letter
 operating agreement
(a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;for a Pool Funded Conduit
 for each day
 the sum of
 without duplication
 (i) discount or interest accrued on such Conduit&#8217;s Pooled Commercial Paper at the applicable CP Rate on such day
 plus (ii) any and all accrued commissions in respect of its placement agents and its Commercial Paper dealers
 and issuing and paying agent fees incurred
 in respect of such Conduit&#8217;s Pooled Commercial Paper for such day
day
 minus (iv) any accrual of income net of expenses received by or on behalf of such Conduit on such day from investment of collections received under all receivable purchase or financing facilities funded substantially with such Conduit&#8217;s Pooled Commercial Paper
 minus (v) any payment received on such day net of expenses in respect of such Conduit&#8217;s Broken Funding Costs related to the prepayment of any investment of such Conduit pursuant to the terms of any receivable purchase or financing facilities funded substantially with its Pooled Commercial Paper.  In addition to the foregoing costs
 if Borrower (or the Servicer
 on Borrower&#8217;s behalf) shall request any Advance during any period of time determined by a Co-Agent in its sole discretion to result in incrementally higher CP Costs applicable to its Conduit&#8217;s Loan included in such Advance
 the principal associated with any such Loan of such Conduit shall
 during such period
(b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;for a Conduit that is not a Pool Funded Conduit
 for each day
 the sum of (x) discount or interest accrued on its Related Commercial Paper at the applicable CP Rate on such day
 plus (y) any and all accrued commissions and fees of placement agents
 dealers and issuing and paying agents incurred in respect of such Related Commercial Paper for such day
&#8221; means
 for any CP Tranche Period of any Conduit
(a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;for any CP Rate Loans funded by a Pool Funded Conduit
 a rate per annum that
 when applied to the outstanding principal balance of such CP Rate Loans for the actual number of days elapsed in such CP Tranche Period
(b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;for any CP Rate Loans funded by a Conduit that is not a Pool Funded Conduit
 a rate per annum equal to the sum of (i) the rate or
 if more than one rate
 the weighted average of the rates
 determined by converting to an interest-bearing equivalent rate per annum the discount rate (or rates) at which such Conduit&#8217;s Related Commercial Paper outstanding during such CP Tranche Period has been or may be sold by any placement agent or commercial paper dealer selected by such Conduit&#8217;s Co-Agent
 plus (ii) the commissions and charges charged by such placement agent or commercial paper dealer with respect to such Related Commercial Paper
&#8221; means
 for each Loan of a Conduit prior to the time
 if any
 when (i) it is refinanced with a Liquidity Funding pursuant to the Liquidity Agreement
&#8221; means with respect to any Loan of any Conduit that is not funded with Pooled Commercial Paper
 a period of days from 1 Business Day up to the number of days (not to exceed 60 days) necessary to extend such period to include the next Settlement Date
 commencing on a Business Day
 which period is either (i) requested by Borrower and agreed to by such Conduit or such Conduit&#8217;s Co-Agent or (ii) in the absence of such request and agreement
&#8221; means
 as of any day
 an amount equal to the product of (x) 91
 multiplied by (y) the amount obtained by dividing (i) the aggregate outstanding balance of Receivables as of the most recent Cut-Off Date
&#8221; means
 as of any Cut-Off Date
 the ratio (expressed as a decimal) computed by dividing (i) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of Receivables created during the three (3) Calculation Periods ending on such Cut-Off Date
&#8221; means a rate per annum equal to the sum of (i) the Prime Rate plus (ii) 2.00%
 changing when and as the Prime Rate changes; provided
 however
&#8221; means
 as of any Cut-Off Date
 the ratio (expressed as a percentage) computed by dividing (x) the total amount of Receivables which became Defaulted Receivables during the Calculation Period that includes such Cut-Off Date
&#8221; means a Receivable: (i) as to which the Obligor thereof has suffered an Event of Bankruptcy; (ii) which
 consistent with the Credit and Collection Policy
 would be written off Borrower&#8217;s books as uncollectible; or (iii) as to which any payment
or part thereof
&#32;means (a) any Committed Lender that (i) has failed to perform any of its funding obligations hereunder within one Business Day of the date required to be funded by it hereunder (other than failures to fund solely as a result of (A) a bona fide dispute as to whether the conditions to borrowing were satisfied on the relevant Advance date
 but only for such time as such Committed Lender is continuing to engage in good faith discussions regarding the determination or resolution of such dispute
 (B) a failure to disburse due to an administrative error or omission by such Committed Lender
 or (C) a failure to disburse due to force majeure
 computer malfunctions
 interruption or communication facilities
 labor difficulties or other causes
 in each case to the extent beyond such Committed Lender&#8217;s reasonable control)
 (ii) has notified the Borrower or the Administrative Agent that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations under this Agreement
 or (iii) has failed to confirm in writing that it intends to comply with its funding obligation under this Agreement
 by the date requested by the Administrative Agent in writing following the Administrative Agent&#8217;s determination that it has a reasonable basis to believe that such Committed Lender will not comply with its funding obligations under this Agreement
means
 with respect to any Defaulting Lender at any time
 the excess
 if any
&#8221; means
 at any time
&#8221; means a Receivable
 (i) as to which any payment
 or part thereof
&#8221; means
 as of any Cut-Off Date
 a ratio (expressed as a decimal)
 computed by dividing (i) the aggregate sales generated by the Originators during the Calculation Period ending on such Cut-Off Date
&#8221; means
 as of any Cut-Off Date
 a ratio (expressed as a percentage)
 computed by dividing (i) the total amount of decreases in Outstanding Balances due to Dilutions (other than cash discounts)
 which included returns
 adjustments
 rebates
 discounts or retropricing during the Calculation Period ending on such Cut-Off Date
&#8221; means
 for any Calculation Period
(a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;the sum of (i) 2.00 times the Adjusted Dilution Ratio as of the immediately preceding Cut-Off Date
 plus (ii) the Dilution Volatility Component as of the immediately preceding Cut-Off Date
&#8221; means the product (expressed as a percentage) of (i) the difference between (a) the highest Dilution Ratio over the past 12 Calculation Periods and (b) the Adjusted Dilution Ratio
 and (ii) a fraction
&#8221; means a commercial bank having a combined capital and surplus of at least $250
000
&#8221; means
 at any time
(a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;the Obligor of which (i) is not an Affiliate of any of the parties hereto
 (ii) is not an individual
 (iii) is not a government or a governmental subdivision or agency if the addition of such Receivable shall cause the Government Receivable Excess to be greater than zero
 (iv) is not insolvent or has not entered into any insolvency proceedings
 (v) is a resident of an Approved Obligor Jurisdiction and (vi) is not a Quebec Receivable
(b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;(i) which by its terms is due and payable not greater than 30 days from the original invoice date thereof and (ii) which is not a Delinquent Receivable
(c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;which is not owing from an Obligor (together with any affiliated Obligors) as to which more than 50% of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables owing from such Obligor (together with any affiliated Obligors) are Delinquent Receivables
(d)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;which is an &#8220;account&#8221; under the PPSA or within the meaning of Article 9 of the UCC of all applicable jurisdictions
(e)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;which is denominated and payable only in an Approved Currency
(f)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;which arises under a Contract which
 together with such Receivable
 is in full force and effect and constitutes the legal
 valid and binding obligation of the related Obligor enforceable against such Obligor in accordance with its terms subject to no offset
 counterclaim or other defense
(g)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;which arises under a Contract which (A) (i) does not require the Obligor under such Contract to consent to the transfer
 sale
 pledge or assignment of the rights and duties of the applicable Originator or any of its assignees under such Contract or (ii) for which consent to the transfer
 sale
 pledge or assignment of the rights and duties of the applicable Originator or any of its assignees under such Contract has been obtained from the Obligor under such Contract and (B) does not contain a confidentiality provision that purports to restrict the ability of any Lender to exercise its rights under this Agreement
 including
 without limitation
 its right to review the Contract
(i)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;which arises under a Contract that contains an obligation to pay a specified sum of money
 contingent only upon the sale of goods or the provision of services by the applicable Originator
(j)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;which
 together with the Contract related thereto
 does not contravene any law
 rule or regulation applicable thereto (including
 without limitation
 any law
 rule and regulation relating to truth in lending
 fair credit billing
 fair credit reporting
 equal credit opportunity
 fair debt collection practices and privacy) and with respect to which no part of the Contract related thereto is in violation of any such law
 rule or regulation
(k)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;which satisfies all applicable requirements of the Credit and Collection Policy
(l)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;which was generated in the ordinary course of the applicable Originator&#8217;s business
(m)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;which (i) arises solely from the sale of goods or the provision of services to the related Obligor by the applicable Originator
 and not by any other Person (in whole or in part) and (ii) does not constitute sales tax
 finance charges
 service charges or similar charges (other than GST or VAT) (it being understood that only the portion of such Receivable so constituted shall not be eligible)
(n)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;which is not subject to any dispute
 counterclaim
 right of rescission
 set-off
 counterclaim or any other defense (including defenses arising out of violations of usury laws) of the applicable Obligor against the applicable Originator or any other Adverse Claim
Receivable (except with respect to sale discounts effected pursuant to the Contract
 or defective goods returned in accordance with the terms of the Contract)
(o)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;as to which the applicable Originator has satisfied and fully performed all obligations on its part with respect to such Receivable required to be fulfilled by it
 and no further action is required to be performed by any Person with respect thereto other than payment thereon by the applicable Obligor
(p)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;as to which each of the representations and warranties contained in Sections 5.1(i)
 (j)
 (r)
 (s)
 (t) and (u) is true and correct
(q)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;all right
 title and interest to and in which has been validly transferred by the applicable Originator directly to Borrower under and in accordance with the Receivables Sale Agreement
 and Borrower has good and marketable title thereto free and clear of any Adverse Claim
(r)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;which is not originated on a &#8220;billed but not shipped
&#8221; &#8220;bill and hold
&#8221;  &#8220;guaranteed sale
&#8221; &#8220;sale and return
&#8221; &#8220;sale on approval
&#8221; &#8220;progress billed
&#8221; &#8220;consignment&#8221; or similar basis;
 that
 so long as the long term unsecured senior debt ratings assigned to Smithfield by S&amp;P and Moody&#8217;s are at least &#8220;B+&#8221; and &#8220;B1&#8221;
 respectively
&#8221; means (a)&#160;any Reportable Event; (b) the existence with respect to any Plan of a non-exempt Prohibited Transaction; (c) any failure by any Plan to satisfy the minimum funding standards (within the meaning of Sections 412 or 430 of the Tax Code or Section 302 of ERISA) applicable to such Plan
 whether or not waived; (d) the filing pursuant to Section 412 of the Tax Code or Section 303 of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan
 the failure to make by its due date a required installment under Section 430(j) of the Tax Code with respect to any Plan
 or the failure by any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan; (e) the incurrence by any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan
 including but not limited to the imposition of any lien in favor of the PBGC or any Plan; (f) a determination that any Plan is
 or is expected to be
notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan; (h) the incurrence by any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (i) the receipt by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice
 or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice
 concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is
 or is expected to be
 insolvent (within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA)
 Reorganization
(a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;a case or other proceeding shall be commenced
 without the application or consent of such Person
 in any court
 seeking the liquidation
 reorganization
 debt arrangement
 dissolution
 winding up
 or composition or readjustment of debts of such Person
 the appointment of a trustee
 receiver
 custodian
 liquidator
 assignee
 sequestrator or the like for such Person or all or substantially all of its assets
 or any similar action with respect to such Person under any law relating to bankruptcy
 insolvency
 reorganization
 winding up or composition or adjustment of debts
 and such case or proceeding shall continue undismissed
 or unstayed and in effect
(b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;such Person shall commence a voluntary case or other proceeding under any applicable bankruptcy
 insolvency
 reorganization
 debt arrangement
 dissolution or other similar law now or hereafter in effect
 or shall consent to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver
 liquidator
 assignee
 trustee (other than a trustee under a deed of trust
 indenture or similar instrument)
 custodian
 sequestrator (or other similar official) for
 such Person or for any substantial part of its property
 or shall make any general assignment for the benefit of creditors
 or shall be adjudicated insolvent
 or admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due
 or
 if a corporation or similar entity
&#8221; means
 for any period
 a fluctuating interest rate per annum for each day during such period equal to (a) the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by federal funds brokers
 as published for such day (or
 if such day is not a Business Day
 for the preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in the Composite Closing Quotations for U.S. Government Securities; or (b) if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day
&#8221; means that certain Fee Letter dated as of June 9
 2011 among Performance Guarantor
 the Borrower and the Agents
&#8221; means any Lender that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which Borrower is located.  For purposes of this definition
 the United States of America
&#8221; means any Eligible Receivable
 the Obligor of which is organized under the laws of
 or has its chief executive office in
&#8221; means
 as of any date of determination
 the amount
 if any
 by which the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Foreign Receivables exceeds the then applicable Foreign Receivable Limit; provided however
means
 as of any date of determination (a) prior to an Insurance Policy Ratings Trigger Event
(ii) the sum of (x) 5.0% of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables and (y) the maximum amount (in Dollars) of coverage available under the Credit Insurance Policy; or (b) after an Insurance Policy Ratings Trigger Event
&#8221; means (i) this Agreement
&#8221; means (i) each Committed Lender and (ii) any insurance company
 bank or other funding entity providing liquidity
&#32;means
 as of any date of determination
&#32;that the FX Reserve Percentage may
 upon at least one Business Day&#8217;s written notice (together with an explanation therefor) by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower and the Servicer
 be increased by the Administrative Agent at any time and in its discretion in accordance with its then current credit guidelines; 
 
 that the FX Reserve Percentage may
 upon at least one Business Day&#8217;s written notice (together with an explanation therefor) by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower and the Servicer
&#8221; means any nation or government
 any state or other political subdivision thereof and any entity exercising executive
 legislative
 judicial
 taxing
&#8221; means any Receivable
&#8221; means (i) prior to a Ratings Trigger Event
 the amount
 if any
 by which the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Government Receivables exceeds 2.5% of the Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables or (ii) after a Ratings Trigger Event
 the amount
 if any
&#8221; means all goods and services tax payable under Part IX of the Excise Tax Act (Canada) and harmonized sales tax in any participating province payable under the Excise Tax Act (Canada)
 as such statutes may be amended
means
 as of any date of determination
 any inventory of an Originator that (i) is in the process of being transported by such Originator to an Obligor pursuant to a Contract that is then expected to be delivered within five (5) or fewer calendar days
 (ii) is covered by insurance in accordance with the applicable Originator&#8217;s normal business practices
 and (iii) upon its receipt and acceptance by such Obligor
&#32;means any Eligible Receivable relating to In-Transit Collateral.  For the avoidance of doubt
means
 as of any date of determination
 the amount
 if any
&#8221; means a director of Borrower who (A) is not at the time of initial appointment or at any time during the continuation of his or her appointment as an Independent Director and has not been at any time during the five (5) years preceding such appointment:  (i) an equity holder
 director (other than an Independent Director)
 officer
 employee
 member
 manager
 attorney or partner of Borrower or any of its Affiliates; (ii) a customer
 supplier or other Person who derives more than 1% of its purchases or revenues from its activities with Borrower or any of its Affiliates; (iii) a Person or other entity controlling or under common control with any such equity holder
 partner
 member
 customer
 supplier or other Person; (iv) a member of the immediate family of any such equity holder
 director
 officer
 employee
 member
 manager
 partner
 customer
 supplier or other person; or (v) a trustee in bankruptcy for Borrower or any of its Affiliates and (B) has
 (i) prior experience as an Independent Director for a corporation or limited liability company whose charter documents required the unanimous consent of all &#8220;independent directors&#8221; thereof before such corporation or limited liability company could consent to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it or could file a petition seeking relief under any applicable federal or state law relating to bankruptcy and (ii) at least three years of employment experience and who is provided by CT Corporation
 Corporation Service Company
 Global Securitization Services
 LLC
 National Registered Agents
 Inc.
 Wilmington Trust Company
 Lord Securities Corporation or
then providing professional &#8220;independent directors&#8221;
 another nationally recognized company reasonably approved by the Administrative Agent.  As used herein
 the term &#8220;control&#8221; means the possession
 directly or indirectly
 of the power to direct or cause the direction of management
 policies or activities of a person or entity
 whether through ownership of voting securities
means
 (a) the long term unsecured senior debt of Euler Hermes North America Insurance Company or its ultimate parent company (or any other insurance company that issues a Credit Insurance Policy) ceases to be rated at least A and A2 by S&amp;P or Moody&#8217;s
 respectively
means that certain Amended and Restated Intercreditor Agreement
 dated as of June 9
 2011
 among Rabobank
 as administrative agent for the ABL Secured Parties (as defined therein)
 Rabobank
 as Administrative Agent
 the Borrower and each of the Loan Parties (as defined therein) party hereto
 as the same has been modified pursuant to that certain letter agreement dated August 31
&#8221; means for each respective Interest Period relating to Loans of the Committed Lenders
 an amount equal to the product of the applicable Interest Rate for each Loan multiplied by the principal of such Loan for each day elapsed during such Interest Period
 annualized (a) in the case of an Interest Period for the LIBOR Rate
 on a 360-day basis and (b) in the case of an Interest Period for the Alternate Base Rate or the Adjusted Federal Funds Rate
 on a 365-day (or 366-day
&#8221; means
(a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;if Interest for such Loan is calculated on the basis of the LIBO Rate
 a period of one
 two
 three or six months
 or such other period as may be mutually agreeable to the applicable Co-Agent and Borrower
provided
 however
 that if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such succeeding month
(b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;if Interest for such Loan is calculated on the basis of the Alternate Base Rate or the Adjusted Federal Funds Rate
If any Interest Period would end on a day which is not a Business Day
provided
 however
 that in the case of Interest Periods corresponding to the LIBO Rate
 if such next succeeding Business Day falls in a new month
 such Interest Period shall end on the immediately preceding Business Day.  In the case of any Interest Period for any Loan which commences before the Commitment Termination Date and would otherwise end on a date occurring after the Commitment Termination Date
&#8221; means
 with respect to each Loan of the Committed Lenders
 the LIBO Rate
 the Adjusted Federal Funds Rate
 the Alternate Base Rate or the Default Rate
&#8221; means
 for any Calculation Period
&#8221; means
 with respect to any Letter of Credit
&#8221; means
 with respect to any Letter of Credit
 the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof
&#8221; means that certain Fee Letter dated as of June 9
 2011 among Letter of Credit Issuer and the Borrower
&#8221; means
 with respect to each Lender
 such Lender&#8217;s funding of its participation in any L/C Funding pursuant to Section 1.7(c)(iii) hereof; provided
&#8221; means each Conduit
&#8221; means
 with respect to any Lender
 the information set forth in Schedule&#160;C to this Agreement in respect of such Lender
&#8221; means a standby letter of credit issued in Dollars by the Letter of Credit Issuer pursuant to Section 1.7 either as originally issued or as the same may
 from time to time
&#8221; means an application and agreement for standby letter of credit by and between the Borrower and the Letter of Credit Issuer in a form acceptable to the Letter of Credit Issuer (and customarily used by it in similar circumstances) and conformed to the terms of this Agreement
 either as originally executed or as it may from time to time be supplemented
 modified
 amended
 renewed
 or extended; 
 
 to the extent that the terms of such Letter of Credit Application are inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement
&#8221; means the day that is the earlier of (i) the thirty (30) days prior to the Scheduled Termination Date then in effect (or
 if such day is not a Business Day
&#8221; means Rabobank in its capacity as issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder
&#8221; means
 at any time
 the aggregate undrawn face amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time plus the amount of L/C Fundings then outstanding at such time.  For all purposes of this Agreement
 if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP
 such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be &#8220;outstanding&#8221; in the amount so remaining available to be drawn.  For purposes of computing the amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit
 the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to mean the maximum face amount in Dollars of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all increases thereof contemplated by such Letter of Credit
&#8221; means
 for any Interest Period
 the rate per annum determined on the basis of the offered rate for deposits in U.S. dollars of amounts equal or comparable to the principal amount of the related Loan offered for a term comparable to such Interest Period
 which rates appear on a Bloomberg L.P. terminal
&#8220; effective as of 11:00 A.M.
 London time
&#32;that if no such offered rates appear on such page
upwards
 if necessary
 to the next higher 1/100th of 1%) of rates quoted by not less than two major banks in New York
 New York
 selected by the Administrative Agent
 at approximately 10:00 a.m.(New York City time)
 two Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period
 for deposits in U.S. dollars offered by leading European banks for a period comparable to such Interest Period in an amount comparable to the principal amount of such Loan
 divided by one minus the maximum aggregate reserve requirement (including all basic
 supplemental
 marginal or other reserves) which is imposed against the Administrative Agent in respect of Eurocurrency liabilities
 as defined in Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as in effect from time to time (expressed as a decimal)
 applicable to such Interest Period.  The LIBO Rate shall be rounded
 if necessary
&#8221; means
 as to each Committed Lender in any Conduit Group
 its commitment to such Conduit Group&#8217;s Conduit under the Liquidity Agreements
&#8221; means (a) a purchase made by any Committed Lender pursuant to its Liquidity Commitment of all or any portion of
 or any undivided interest in
 an applicable Conduit&#8217;s Loans
&#8221; means any loan made by a Lender to Borrower pursuant to this Agreement (including
 without limitation
 any Liquidity Funding).  Each Loan shall either be a CP Rate Loan
 an Alternate Base Rate Loan
 and Adjusted Federal Funds Rate Loan or a LIBO Rate Loan
&#8221; means
 for any Calculation Period
 the product (expressed as a percentage) of (a) 2.00
 times (b) the highest three-month rolling average Default Ratio during the 12 Calculation Periods ending on the immediately preceding Cut-Off Date
&#8221; means
 on any date of determination
 the positive difference between the Federal Funds Rate on such date of determination
 and the 1-month LIBO Rate effective as of 11:00 A.M.
 London time
&#8221; means (i) any material adverse effect on the business
 assets
 operations
 property or condition
 financial or otherwise of the Performance Guarantor and its Restricted Subsidiaries
 taken as a whole
 (ii) any material adverse effect on the abilities of the Loan Parties
 taken as a whole
 to perform their obligations under the Transaction Documents to which they are a party
 (iii) any material adverse effect on the legality
 validity or enforceability of the Agreement or any other Transaction Document
 (iv) any material adverse effect on the Administrative Agent&#8217;s interest (on behalf of itself and the Secured Parties) in the Receivables generally or in any significant portion of the Receivables
 the Related Security or Collections with respect thereto
 (v) any material adverse effect on the collectability of the Receivables generally or of any material portion of the Receivables and (vi) material adverse effect on the rights of or benefits available to the Administrative Agent
 the Letter of Credit Issuer
&#8221; means a report
 in substantially the form of Exhibit VI hereto (appropriately completed)
&#8221; means
 with respect to any fiscal month of Borrower ending after the Commencement Date
&#8221; means Moody&#8217;s Investors Service
&#8221; means
 at any time
 the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables at such time reduced by the sum of (i) the aggregate amount by which the Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables of each Obligor and its Affiliates exceeds the Obligor Concentration Limit for such Obligor
 (ii) the Foreign Receivable Excess
 (iii) the PASA Reserve Amount
 (iv) the Volume Rebate Accrual Amount
&#8221; means
 at any time
 any and all obligations of either of the Loan Parties to any of the Secured Parties arising under or in connection with the Transaction Documents
 whether now existing or hereafter arising
 due or accrued
 absolute or contingent
 including
 without limitation
 obligations in respect of Aggregate Principal
 CP Costs
 Interest
 fees under the Fee Letter
 L/C Fee Letter
&#8221; means
 at any time
 in relation to the aggregate Outstanding Balance of Receivables owed by any single Obligor and its Affiliates (if any)
 the applicable concentration limit set forth below for Obligors who have short term unsecured debt ratings currently assigned to them by S&amp;P and Moody&#8217;s (or in the absence thereof
provided
 however
 that (a) if any Obligor has a split short term rating by S&amp;P and Moody&#8217;s or a split long term rating by S&amp;P and Moody&#8217;s
 the applicable short term rating or long term rating
 as applicable
 will be the lower of the two
 (b) if any Obligor is not rated by either S&amp;P or Moody&#8217;s
 the applicable Obligor Concentration Limit shall be the one set forth in the last line of the table above
&#8221;
 upon Borrower&#8217;s request from time to time
 the Administrative Agent may agree to a higher percentage of Eligible Receivables for a particular Obligor and its Affiliates (each such higher percentage
&#8221;)
 it being understood that any Special Concentration Limit may be cancelled by the Administrative Agent upon not less than five (5) Business Days&#8217; written notice to the Loan Parties.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein
 but subject to clause (c) of the immediately preceding proviso
 a Special Concentration Limit of (i) 10.00% shall apply with respect to Receivables owed by The Kroger Co.
 provided that The Kroger Co. maintains a short term of rating A-2 or higher by S&amp;P and P-2 or higher by Moody&#8217;s and a long term rating of BBB or higher by S&amp;P and Baa2 or higher by Moody&#8217;s
 as applicable
 and (ii) 6.50% shall apply with respect to Receivables owed by U.S. Foodservice Inc.
&#8221; has the meaning provided in the Receivables Sale Agreement
 and such term excludes
 for the purposes of this Agreement
&#8221; means that certain Credit Agreement
 dated as of June 9
 2011
 by and among Smithfield
 Rabobank and the guarantors and lenders party thereto from time to time
means the Packers and Stockyards Act of 1921
&#8221; means (a) prior to a Ratings Trigger Event
&#32;(ii) the amount of all outstanding trade payables of Smithfield and its Subsidiaries
 which are entitled to the benefits of the trust created under the Packers and Stockyards Act of 1921
 as amended; or (b) after a Ratings Trigger Event
 the amount of all outstanding trade payables of Smithfield and its Subsidiaries
 which are entitled to the benefits of the trust created under the Packers and Stockyards Act of 1921
&#8221; means
 with respect to each Co-Agent
&#8221; means for (i) each Conduit Group
 the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of the aggregate Commitments of the Committed Lenders in such Conduit Group to the Aggregate Commitment and (ii) each Unaffiliated Committed Lender
&#8221; means that certain Amended and Restated Performance Undertaking
 dated as of the date hereof
 by Performance Guarantor in favor of Borrower
 substantially in the form of Exhibit VII
 as the same may be amended
&#8221; means an individual
 partnership
 corporation (including a business trust)
 limited liability company
 joint stock company
 trust
 unincorporated association
 joint venture or other entity
&#8221; means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title&#160;IV of ERISA or Section&#160;412 of the Tax Code or Section&#160;302 of ERISA
 and in respect of which any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate is (or
 if such plan were terminated
&#8221; means
 for each of the Pool Funded Conduits
 the Commercial Paper of such Pool Funded Conduit subject to any particular pooling arrangement by such Conduit
&#8221; means
 at any time
&#8221; means
 in respect of each province and territory of Canada (other than the Province of Quebec)
&#8221; means for each Lender
 the rate of interest per annum publicly announced from time to time by its Co-Agent as its prime commercial lending rate or base rate in effect at its principal office for loans in the United States of America
&#8221; means
 with respect to each Conduit Group on any date of determination
&#8221; means
 if applicable
 that a Conduit has received written notice from S&amp;P or Moody&#8217;s or any other rating agency then rating such Conduit&#8217;s Commercial Paper that the execution and delivery of
 or an amendment
 a change or a waiver of
 this Agreement or the Receivables Sale Agreement will not result in a withdrawal or downgrade of the then current ratings on such Conduit&#8217;s Commercial Paper or
 if applicable
&#32;means
 as of any date of determination
 the lowering with regard to the Performance Guarantor of (i) S&amp;P&#8217;s Corporate Credit Rating to below B-
&#8221; has the meaning provided in the Receivables Sale Agreement
 and such term excludes
 for the purposes of this Agreement
&#8221; means that certain Amended and Restated Receivables Sale Agreement
 dated as of the date hereof
 among Smithfield
 SFFC
 the Originators and the Borrower
 as the same may be amended
&#8221; means any change after the date of this Agreement in United States (federal
 state or municipal) or foreign laws
 regulations (including Regulation D) or accounting principles or the adoption or making after such date of any interpretations
 directives or requests of or under any United States (federal
 state or municipal) or foreign laws
 regulations (whether or not having the force of law) or accounting principles by any court
 governmental or monetary authority
 or accounting board or authority (whether or not part of government) charged with the establishment
 interpretation or administration thereof.  For the avoidance of doubt
 any change in accounting standards or the issuance of any other pronouncement
 release or interpretation (or revisions to the foregoing) that causes or requires the consolidation of all or a portion of the assets and liabilities of a Conduit or Borrower with the assets and liabilities of any Agent
&#8221; means
 for any period with respect to either Conduit
 any Commercial Paper of such Conduit issued or deemed issued for purposes of financing or maintaining any Loan by such Conduit (including any discount
 yield
&#8221; means
 with respect to any Receivable:  (i) all of Borrower&#8217;s interest in the Related Security (under and as defined in the Receivables Sale Agreement)
 (ii) all of Borrower&#8217;s right
 title and interest in
 to and under the Receivables Sale Agreement in respect of such Receivable
 (iii) all of Borrower&#8217;s right
 title and interest in
 to and under the Performance Undertaking
&#8221; means
 with respect to any Multiemployer Plan
&#8221; means any reportable event, as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder
notice period referred to in Section 4043(c) of ERISA has been waived
 with respect to a Plan (other than a Plan maintained by an ERISA Affiliate that is considered an ERISA Affiliate only pursuant to subsection (m) or (o) of Section 414 of the Tax Code).
 containing the information specified therein
&#8221; means ongoing information regarding the Collateral required to be provided by the Borrower or the Servicer to the Administrative Agent at the request of the Administrative Agent
&#8221; means
 on any day during a Calculation Period
&#8221; means
 for any Calculation Period
 the sum (expressed as a percentage) of (a) 13% plus (b) the product of the Adjusted Dilution Ratio and the Dilution Horizon Ratio
 in each case
&#8221; means (i) any dividend or other distribution
 direct or indirect
 on account of any shares of any class of capital stock of Borrower now or hereafter outstanding
 except a dividend payable solely in shares of that class of stock or in any junior class of stock of Borrower
 (ii) any redemption
 retirement
 sinking fund or similar payment
 purchase or other acquisition for value
 direct or indirect
 of any shares of any class of capital stock of Borrower now or hereafter outstanding
 (iii) any payment or prepayment of principal of
 premium
 if any
 or interest
 fees or other charges on or with respect to
 and any redemption
 purchase
 retirement
 defeasance
 sinking fund or similar payment and any claim for rescission with respect to the Subordinated Loans (as defined in the Receivables Sale Agreement)
 (iv) any payment made to redeem
 purchase
 repurchase or retire
 or to obtain the surrender of
 any outstanding warrants
 options or other rights to acquire shares of any class of capital stock of Borrower now or hereafter outstanding
&#8221; means Standard and Poor&#8217;s Ratings Services
&#8221;  means June 9
&#8221; means at any time the Person domiciled in the United States (which may be the Administrative Agent) then authorized pursuant to Article VIII to service
&#8221; means
(a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;an amount equal to (i) the Servicing Fee Rate (or
 at any time while Smithfield or one of its Affiliates is the Servicer
 such lesser percentage as may be agreed between Borrower and the Servicer on an arms&#8217; length basis based on then prevailing market terms for similar services)
&#32;(ii) the Outstanding Balance of all Receivables at the close of business on the Cut-Off Date immediately preceding such Calculation Period
(b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;on and after the Servicer&#8217;s reasonable request made at any time when Smithfield or one of its Affiliates is no longer acting as Servicer hereunder
 an alternative amount specified by the successor Servicer not exceeding (i) 110% of such Servicer&#8217;s reasonable costs and expenses of performing its obligations under this Agreement during the preceding Calculation Period
&#8221; means (A) with respect to all Loans
) Business Day after each Monthly Reporting Date
 and (B) in addition
 with respect to Loans of the Committed Lenders
&#32;means SFFC
 Inc.
&#8221; means
 as of any day
&#32;the product of (x) 91
&#32;(y) the amount obtained by dividing (i) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of Receivables as of the most recent Cut-Off Date
 by (ii) the aggregate amount of Receivables created during the three (3) Calculation Periods including and immediately preceding such Cut-Off Date
&#32;(z) 0.85
&#32;the product of (x) 120
&#32;(y) the amount obtained by dividing (i) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of Receivables as of the most recent Cut-Off Date
created during the three(3) Calculation Periods including and immediately preceding such Cut-Off Date
&#8221; of a Person means (i) any corporation more than 50% of the outstanding securities having ordinary voting power of which shall at the time be owned or controlled
 directly or indirectly
 by such Person or by one or more of its Subsidiaries or by such Person and one or more of its Subsidiaries
 or (ii) any partnership
 association
 limited liability company
&#8221; means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
&#8221; means any and all present or future taxes
 levies
 imposts
 duties
 deductions
 withholdings
 assessments
 fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority
 including any interest
&#8221; means
 collectively
 this Agreement
 each Borrowing Notice
 the Receivables Sale Agreement
 each Collection Account Agreement
 the Performance Undertaking
 any Letter of Credit
 the Fee Letter
 the L/C Fee Letter
 the Intercreditor Agreement
 each Subordinated Note (as defined in the Receivables Sale Agreement) and all other instruments
&#8221; means an event which
 with the passage of time or the giving of notice
 or both
&#8221; means
 with respect to any Receivable
&#8221; means
 on any date of determination
&#8221; means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan
&#32;means
All accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with GAAP.  All terms used in Article 9 of the UCC in the State of New York
 and not specifically defined herein
dated ______________
for Borrowing on ________________
Reference is made to the Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement dated as of January 31
 2013 (as amended
 supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time
&#8221;)
 Smithfield Foods
 Inc.
 as initial Servicer
 the Lenders and Co-Agents from time to time party thereto and Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
 New York Branch
1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The [Servicer
 on behalf of] Borrower hereby certifies
(b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;each of its representations and warranties contained in Section 5.1 of the Credit Agreement will be true and correct
 in all material respects
(c)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;no event will have occurred and is continuing
 or would result from the requested Purchase
(e)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;after giving effect to the Loans comprising the Advance requested below
2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The [Servicer
 on behalf of] Borrower hereby requests that the Lenders make an Advance on ___________
(b)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;To the extent any portion of an Advance is funded by Committed Lenders
[Conduit Group]:  [Apply $________ to payment of principal and interest of existing Loans due on the Borrowing Date].  [Apply $______ to payment of fees due on the Borrowing Date]. [Wire transfer $________ to account no. ________ at ___________ Bank
 in [city
 state]
 ABA No. __________
[Unaffiliated Committed Lender]:  [Apply $________ to payment of principal and interest of existing Loans due on the Borrowing Date].  [Apply $______ to payment of fees due on the Borrowing Date]. [Wire transfer $________ to account no. ________ at ___________ Bank
 in [city
 state]
 ABA No. __________
 Reference:  ________].
 the [Servicer
 on behalf of] Borrower has caused this Borrowing Notice to be executed and delivered as of this ____ day of ___________
[SMITHFIELD FOODS
 INC.
 as Servicer
 on behalf of:] [SMITHFIELD RECEIVABLES FUNDING LLC]
dated ______________
for reduction to occur on ________________
Reference is made to the Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement dated as of January 31
 2013 (as amended
 supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time
&#8221;)
 Smithfield Foods
 Inc.
 as initial Servicer
 the Lenders and Co-Agents from time to time party thereto and Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
 New York Branch
You are hereby irrevocably notified that Borrower wishes to make an Aggregate Reduction in the amount of $_____________ on ___________
 20__ (the &#8220;
 the [Servicer
[SMITHFIELD FOODS
 INC.
 as Servicer
 on behalf of:] [SMITHFIELD RECEIVABLES FUNDING LLC]
Locations of Records:  3411 Silverside Rd
 103 Baynard Bldg
 Wilmington
Legal
SMITHFIELD FOODS
Locations of Records:  200 Commerce Street
 Smithfield
Legal
Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
 New York Branch
This Compliance Certificate is furnished pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement dated as of January 31
 2013 (as amended
 supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time
&#8221;)
 Smithfield Foods
&#8221;)
 the Lenders and Co-Agents from time to time party thereto and Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
 New York Branch
2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;I have reviewed the terms of the Credit Agreement and I have made
 or have caused to be made under my supervision
3.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The examinations described in paragraph 2 did not disclose
 and I have no knowledge of
 the existence of any condition or event which constitutes an Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default
 as each such term is defined under the Credit Agreement
 during or at the end of the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements or as of the date of this Certificate
4.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Described below are the exceptions
 if any
 to paragraph 3 by listing
 in detail
 the nature of the condition or event
 the period during which it has existed and the action which Borrower has taken
 is taking
The foregoing certifications are made and delivered as of ______________
&#8221;) is entered into as of the ___ day of ____________
 ____
A.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;This Assignment Agreement is being executed and delivered in accordance with Section 12.1(b) of that certain Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement dated as of January 31
 2013 (as amended
 supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time
&#8221;) among Smithfield Receivables Funding LLC
 as Borrower
 Smithfield Foods
 Inc.
 as initial Servicer
 the Lenders and Co-Agents from time to time party thereto and Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
 New York Branch
 as Administrative Agent and Letter of Credit Issuer
&#8221;)]
C.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Assignor is selling and assigning to Assignee an undivided ____________% (the &#8220;Transferred Percentage&#8221;) interest in all of Assignor&#8217;s rights and obligations under the Transaction Documents [and the Liquidity Agreement]
 including
 without limitation
 Assignor&#8217;s Commitment[
1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The sale
&#8221;) is delivered by the applicable Co-Agent to the Conduit in the Assignor&#8217;s Conduit Group
 Assignor and Assignee.  From and after the Effective Date
2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;If Assignor has no outstanding principal under the Credit Agreement [or its Liquidity Agreement]
 on the Effective Date
 Assignor shall be deemed to have hereby transferred and assigned to Assignee
 without recourse
 representation or warranty (except as provided in paragraph 6 below)
 and the Assignee shall be deemed to have hereby irrevocably taken
 received and assumed from Assignor
 the Transferred Percentage of Assignor&#8217;s Commitment [and Liquidity Commitment] and all rights and obligations associated therewith under the terms of the Credit Agreement [and its Liquidity Agreement]
 including
 without limitation
3.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;If Assignor has any outstanding principal under the Credit Agreement [and its Liquidity Agreement]
 at or before 12:00 noon
 local time of Assignor
 on the Effective Date Assignee shall pay to Assignor
 in immediately available funds
 an amount equal to the sum of (i) the Transferred Percentage of the outstanding principal of Assignor&#8217;s Loans [and
 without duplication
 Assignor&#8217;s Percentage Interests (as defined in the Liquidity Agreement)] (such amount
&#8221;); (ii) all accrued but unpaid (whether or not then due) Interest attributable to Assignee&#8217;s Principal; and (iii) accruing but unpaid fees and other costs and expenses payable in respect of Assignee&#8217;s Principal for the period commencing upon each date such unpaid amounts commence accruing
&#8221;); whereupon
 Assignor shall be deemed to have sold
 transferred and assigned to Assignee
 without recourse
 representation or warranty (except as provided in paragraph 6 below)
 and Assignee shall be deemed to have hereby irrevocably taken
 received and assumed from Assignor
 the Transferred Percentage of Assignor&#8217;s Commitment
 Liquidity Commitment
 Loans (if applicable) [and Percentage Interests (if applicable)] and all related rights and obligations under the Transaction Documents [and its Liquidity Agreement]
 including
 without limitation
4.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Concurrently with the execution and delivery hereof
5.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Each of the parties to this Assignment Agreement agrees that at any time and from time to time upon the written request of any other party
6.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;By executing and delivering this Assignment Agreement
 Assignor and Assignee confirm to and agree with each other
 the Agents and the Committed Lenders as follows:  (a) other than the representation and warranty that it has not created any Adverse Claim upon any interest being transferred hereunder
 Assignor makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statements
 warranties or representations made by any other Person in or in connection with any of the Transaction Documents [or its Liquidity Agreement] or the execution
 legality
 validity
 enforceability
genuineness
 sufficiency or value of Assignee
 the Credit Agreement[
 its Liquidity Agreement] or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto or the perfection
 priority
 condition
 value or sufficiency of any Collateral; (b) Assignor makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to the financial condition of Borrower
 any Obligor
 any Affiliate of Borrower or the performance or observance by Borrower
 any Obligor
 any Affiliate of Borrower of any of their respective obligations under the Transaction Documents or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto or in connection therewith; (c) Assignee confirms that it has received a copy of each of the Transaction Documents [and the Liquidity Agreement]
 and other documents and information as it has requested and deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment Agreement; (d) Assignee will
 independently and without reliance upon the Agents
 Conduits
 Borrower or any other Committed Lender or Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time
 continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Transaction Documents [and the Liquidity Agreement]; (e) Assignee appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under the Transaction Documents [and the Liquidity Agreement] as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms thereof
 together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto; and (f) Assignee agrees that it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which
 by the terms of [its Liquidity Agreement
] the Credit Agreement and the other Transaction Documents
 are required to be performed by it as a Committed Lender or
 when applicable
7.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Each party hereto represents and warrants to and agrees with the Administrative Agent that it is aware of and will comply with the provisions of the Credit Agreement
 including
 without limitation
8.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Schedule I hereto sets forth the revised Commitment and Liquidity Commitment of Assignor and the Commitment and Liquidity Commitment of Assignee
9.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;THIS ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY
 AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH
10.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Assignee hereby covenants and agrees that
 prior to the date which is one year and one day after the payment in full of all senior indebtedness for borrowed money of the Conduit in the Assignor&#8217;s Conduit Group
 it will not institute against
 or join any other Person in instituting against
 such Conduit any bankruptcy
 reorganization
 arrangement
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
LIST OF LENDING OFFICES
&#32;&#32;_____________
 ______
 Assignor
The undersigned
 as Administrative Agent under the Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement dated as of January 31
 2013 (as amended
 supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time
&#8221;)
 Smithfield Foods
 Inc.
 as initial Servicer
 the Lenders and Co-Agents from time to time party thereto and Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
 New York Branch
 as Administrative Agent and Letter of Credit Issuer
 hereby acknowledges receipt of executed counterparts of a completed Assignment Agreement dated as of ____________
 20__ between __________________
 as Assignor
 and __________________
1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Pursuant to such Assignment Agreement
 you are advised that the Effective Date will be ______________
[3.  Pursuant to such Assignment Agreement
Very truly yours
CO&#214;PERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN-BOERENLEENBANK B.A.
 &#8220;RABOBANK NEDERLAND&#8221;
 NEW YORK BRANCH
&#8221;)
 dated as of January 31
 2013
 is executed by Smithfield Foods
 Inc.
&#8221;)
 in favor of Smithfield Receivables Funding LLC
1.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Farmland Foods
 Inc. a Delaware corporation
 Smithfield of Canada
 Ltd.
 a company incorporated under the laws of Canada
 The Smithfield Packing Company
 Incorporated
 a Delaware corporation
 Smithfield Global Products
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 John Morrell &amp; Co.
 a Delaware corporation
 Patrick Cudahy
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company
 Premium Pet Health
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company
 and Armour-Eckrich Meats LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company (collectively
 unless excluded as an Excluded Originator pursuant to the Sale Agreement
&#8221;)
 the Performance Guarantor and the Recipient have entered into an Amended and Restated Receivables Sale Agreement
 dated as of January 31
 2013 (as amended
 restated or otherwise modified from time to time
&#8221;)
 pursuant to which the Originators
 subject to the terms and conditions contained therein
 are transferring all of their respective right
 title and interest in certain of their accounts receivable to Performance Guarantor
 which Performance Guarantor is then contributing to SFFC and SFFC to Recipient
 and each of the Originators is selling all of their respective right
2.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Performance Guarantor owns
 directly or indirectly
 one hundred percent (100%) of the capital stock or limited liability company interests
 as applicable
 of each of the Originators
 SFFC
 and Recipient
 and each of the Originators
 SFFC and Performance Guarantor is expected to receive substantial direct and indirect benefits from their sale or contribution of receivables to Recipient
 as applicable
3.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;As an inducement for Recipient to acquire each Originator&#8217;s accounts receivable and other Receivables pursuant to the Sale Agreement
 Performance Guarantor has agreed to guaranty the due and punctual performance by Originators of their obligations under the Sale Agreement
NOW
 THEREFORE
&#8221; means the Sale Agreement and the Credit and Security Agreement
&#8221; means that certain Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement
 dated as of January 31
 2013 by and among Recipient
 as Borrower
 Performance Guarantor
 as Servicer
 the Lenders and Co-Agents from time to time party thereto and Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
 New York Branch
 as Administrative Agent and Letter of Credit Issuer
 as amended
&#8221; means
 collectively
 all covenants
 agreements
 terms
 conditions and indemnities to be performed and observed by any Originator under and pursuant to the Sale Agreement and each other document executed and delivered by any Originator pursuant to the Sale Agreement
 including the due and punctual payment of all sums which are or may become due and owing by any Originator under the Sale Agreement
 whether for fees
 expenses (including reasonable counsel fees)
 indemnified amounts or otherwise
that
 the &#8220;Guaranteed Obligations&#8221; shall expressly exclude any of the foregoing obligations to the extent that the failure by the relevant Originator to perform or pay such obligations results from any Receivable not being collected from or paid by
 or otherwise being uncollectible from
 the relevant Obligor on account of the insolvency
 bankruptcy
.  Performance Guarantor hereby guarantees to Recipient
 the full and punctual payment and performance by each Originator of its respective Guaranteed Obligations.  This Undertaking is an absolute
 unconditional and continuing guaranty of the full and punctual performance of all Guaranteed Obligations of each Originator under the Agreements and each other document executed and delivered by any Originator pursuant to the Agreements and is in no way conditioned upon any requirement that Recipient first attempt to collect any amounts owing by any Originator to Recipient
 the Agents or the Lenders from any other Person or resort to any collateral security
 any balance of any deposit account or credit on the books of Recipient
 the Agents or any Lender in favor of any Originator or any other Person or other means of obtaining payment.  Should any Originator default in the payment or performance of any of its Guaranteed Obligations
Performance Guarantor of such Guaranteed Obligations and cause any such payment Guaranteed Obligations to become forthwith due and payable to Recipient
 without demand or notice of any nature (other than as expressly provided herein)
 all of which are hereby expressly waived by Performance Guarantor.  Notwithstanding the foregoing
.  Performance Guarantor further agrees
 as the principal obligor and not as a guarantor only
 to pay to Recipient
 forthwith upon demand in funds immediately available to Recipient
 all reasonable costs and expenses (including court costs and reasonable legal expenses) incurred or expended by Recipient in connection with enforcing this Undertaking
 together with interest on amounts recoverable under this Undertaking from the time when such amounts become due until payment
.  Performance Guarantor waives notice of acceptance of this Undertaking
 notice of any action taken or omitted by Recipient in reliance on this Undertaking
 and any requirement that Recipient be diligent or prompt in making demands under this Undertaking
 giving notice of any Termination Event
 Event of Default
 other default or omission by any Originator or asserting any other rights of Recipient under this Undertaking.  Performance Guarantor warrants that it has adequate means to obtain from each Originator
 on a continuing basis
 information concerning the financial condition of such Originator
 and that it is not relying on Recipient to provide such information
 now or in the future.  Performance Guarantor also irrevocably waives all defenses (i) that at any time may be available in respect of the Obligations by virtue of any statute of limitations
 valuation
 stay
 moratorium law or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) that arise under the law of suretyship
 including impairment of collateral.  Recipient shall be at liberty
 without giving notice to or obtaining the assent of Performance Guarantor and without relieving Performance Guarantor of any liability under this Undertaking
 to deal with each Originator and with each other party who now is or after the date hereof becomes liable in any manner for any of the Guaranteed Obligations
 in such manner as Recipient in its sole discretion deems fit
 and to this end Performance Guarantor agrees that the validity and enforceability of this Undertaking
 including the provisions of Section 7 hereof
 shall not be impaired or affected by any of the following:  (a) any extension
 modification or renewal of
 or indulgence with respect to
 or substitutions for
 the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof or any agreement relating thereto at any time; (b) any failure or omission to enforce any right
 power or remedy with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof or any agreement relating thereto
 or any collateral securing the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof; (c) any waiver of any right
 power or remedy or of any Termination Event
 Event of Default
 or default with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof or any agreement relating thereto; (d) any release
 surrender
 compromise
 settlement
 waiver
 subordination or modification
 with or without consideration
 of any other obligation of any person or entity with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof; (e) the enforceability or validity of the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof or the genuineness
agreement relating thereto or with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof; (f) the application of payments received from any source to the payment of any payment obligations of any Originator or any part thereof or amounts which are not covered by this Undertaking even though Recipient might lawfully have elected to apply such payments to any part or all of the payment obligations of such Originator or to amounts which are not covered by this Undertaking; (g) the existence of any claim
 setoff or other rights which Performance Guarantor may have at any time against any Originator in connection herewith or any unrelated transaction; (h) any assignment or transfer of the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof; or (i) any failure on the part of any Originator to perform or comply with any term of the Agreements or any other document executed in connection therewith or delivered thereunder
.  Notwithstanding (a) any change of ownership of any Originator or the insolvency
 bankruptcy or any other change in the legal status of any Originator; (b) the change in or the imposition of any law
 decree
 regulation or other governmental act which does or might impair
 delay or in any way affect the validity
 enforceability or the payment when due of the Guaranteed Obligations; (c) the failure of any Originator or Performance Guarantor to maintain in full force
 validity or effect or to obtain or renew when required all governmental and other approvals
 licenses or consents required in connection with the Guaranteed Obligations or this Undertaking
 or to take any other action required in connection with the performance of all obligations pursuant to the Guaranteed Obligations or this Undertaking; or (d) if any of the moneys included in the Guaranteed Obligations have become irrecoverable from any Originator for any other reason other than final payment in full of the payment Obligations in accordance with their terms
 this Undertaking shall nevertheless be binding on Performance Guarantor.  This Undertaking shall be in addition to any other guaranty or other security for the Guaranteed Obligations
 and it shall not be rendered unenforceable by the invalidity of any such other guaranty or security.  In the event that acceleration of the time for payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations is stayed upon the insolvency
 bankruptcy or reorganization of any Originator or for any other reason with respect to any Originator
 all such amounts then due and owing with respect to the Guaranteed Obligations under the terms of the Agreements
 or any other agreement evidencing
 securing or otherwise executed in connection with the Guaranteed Obligations
.  Performance Guarantor is a corporation duly organized
 validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its state of incorporation.  Performance Guarantor is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation
 and has and holds all corporate power and all governmental licenses
 authorizations
Authorization
.  The execution and delivery by Performance Guarantor of this Undertaking
 and the performance of its obligations hereunder
 are within its corporate powers and authority and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on its part.  This Undertaking has been duly executed and delivered by Performance Guarantor.  This Undertaking constitutes the legal
 valid and binding obligation of Performance Guarantor
 enforceable against Performance Guarantor in accordance with its terms
 except as such enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy
 insolvency
.  The execution and delivery by Performance Guarantor of this Undertaking
 and the performance by Performance Guarantor of its obligations hereunder
 do not contravene or violate (i) its certificate or articles of incorporation or by-laws
 (ii) any law
 rule or regulation applicable to it
 (iii) any restrictions under any agreement
 contract or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound
 or (iv) any order
 writ
 judgment
 award
 injunction or decree binding on or affecting it or its property
 except
 in any case
.  Except as disclosed in the filings made by Performance Guarantor with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 there are no actions
 suits or proceedings pending or
 to the best of Performance Guarantor&#8217;s knowledge threatened against or affecting Performance Guarantor or any of its properties
 in or before any court
 arbitrator or other body
 that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on (i) the business
 properties
 condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operations of Performance Guarantor and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole
 (ii) the ability of Performance Guarantor to perform its obligations under this Undertaking
.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein
 until the Guaranteed Obligations are paid in full Performance Guarantor:  (a) will not enforce or otherwise exercise any right of subrogation to any of the rights of Recipient
 the Agents or any Lender against any Originator
 (b) hereby waives all rights of subrogation (whether contractual
 under Section 509 of the United States Bankruptcy Code
 at law or in equity or otherwise) to the claims of Recipient
 the Agents and the Lenders against any Originator and all contractual
 statutory or legal or equitable rights of contribution
 reimbursement
 indemnification and similar rights and &#8220;claims&#8221; (as that term is defined in the United States Bankruptcy Code) which Performance Guarantor might now have or hereafter acquire against any Originator that arise from the existence or performance of Performance Guarantor&#8217;s obligations hereunder
 (c) will not claim any setoff
recoupment or counterclaim against any Originator in respect of any liability of Performance Guarantor to such Originator and (d) waives any benefit of and any right to participate in any collateral security which may be held by Recipient
 the Agents or the Lenders.  The payment of any amounts due with respect to any indebtedness of any Originator now or hereafter owed to Performance Guarantor is hereby subordinated to the prior payment in full of all of the Guaranteed Obligations.  Performance Guarantor agrees that
 after the occurrence of any default in the payment or performance of any of the Guaranteed Obligations
 Performance Guarantor will not demand
that so long as no such default has occurred and is continuing
 any Originator shall be entitled to make payments and Performance Guarantor shall be entitled to receive payments in respect of any such subordinated indebtedness.  If
 notwithstanding the foregoing sentence
 Performance Guarantor shall collect
 enforce or receive any amounts in respect of such indebtedness while any default in the payment or performance of any of the Guaranteed Obligations is continuing
 such amounts shall be collected
that this Undertaking shall continue to be effective or shall be reinstated
 as the case may be
 if at any time payment or other satisfaction of any of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned upon the bankruptcy
 insolvency
 or reorganization of any Originator or otherwise
 as though such payment had not been made or other satisfaction occurred
 whether or not Recipient is in possession of this Undertaking.  No invalidity
 irregularity or unenforceability by reason of the Bankruptcy Code or any insolvency or other similar law
 or any law or order of any government or agency thereof purporting to reduce
 amend or otherwise affect the Guaranteed Obligations shall impair
 affect
.  This Performance Undertaking shall survive the insolvency of any Originator and the commencement of any case or proceeding by or against any Originator under the Bankruptcy Code or other federal
 state or other applicable bankruptcy
 insolvency or reorganization statutes.  No automatic stay under the Bankruptcy Code with respect to any Originator or other federal
 state or other applicable bankruptcy
.  Regardless of the other means of obtaining payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations
 Recipient is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time
 without notice to Performance Guarantor (any such notice being expressly waived by Performance Guarantor) and to the fullest extent permitted by law
 to set off and apply any deposits and other sums against the obligations of Performance Guarantor under this Undertaking
.  All payments to be made by Performance Guarantor hereunder shall be made free and clear of any deduction or withholding.  If Performance Guarantor is required by law to make any deduction or withholding on account of Tax or otherwise from any such payment
 the sum due from it in respect of such payment shall be increased to the extent necessary to ensure that
 after the making of such deduction or withholding (including any deductions or withholding applicable to additional amounts payable under this Section 11)
.  Performance Guarantor agrees that it will from time to time
 at the request of Recipient
.  This Performance Undertaking shall be binding upon Performance Guarantor
 its successors and permitted assigns
 and shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Recipient and its successors and assigns.  Performance Guarantor may not assign or transfer any of its obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each of Recipient and each Agent. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence
 Recipient may assign
 pledge or otherwise transfer this Undertaking in connection with any assignment by it of any Agreement or its rights or obligations thereunder expressly permitted under the Agreements to any other entity or other person
 and such other entity or other person shall thereupon become vested
 to the extent set forth in the agreement evidencing such assignment
 transfer or participation
.  No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Undertaking nor consent to any departure by Performance Guarantor therefrom shall be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by Recipient
 the Agents and Performance Guarantor.  No failure on the part of Recipient to exercise
 and no delay in exercising
Guarantor
 at the address set forth beneath its signature hereto
 and if to Recipient
 at the addresses set forth beneath its signature hereto
 or at such other addresses as each of Performance Guarantor or any Recipient may designate in writing to the other.  Each such notice or other communication shall be effective (1) if given by telecopy
 upon the receipt thereof
 (2) if given by mail
 three (3) Business Days after the time such communication is deposited in the mail with first class postage prepaid or (3) if given by any other means
.  THIS UNDERTAKING SHALL BE GOVERNED AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK
.  EACH PARTY TO THIS UNDERTAKING HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR NEW YORK STATE COURT SITTING IN NEW YORK
 NEW YORK
 IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS UNDERTAKING OR ANY DOCUMENT EXECUTED BY SUCH PERSON PURSUANT TO THIS UNDERTAKING
 AND EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN ANY SUCH COURT AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE AS TO THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH SUIT
 ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN SUCH A COURT OR THAT SUCH COURT IS AN INCONVENIENT FORUM. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL LIMIT THE RIGHT OF ANY AGENT OR ANY LENDER TO BRING PROCEEDINGS AGAINST ANY LOAN PARTY IN THE COURTS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING BY ANY LOAN PARTY AGAINST ANY AGENT OR ANY LENDER OR ANY AFFILIATE OF ANY AGENT OR ANY LENDER INVOLVING
 DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY
 ANY MATTER IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF
 RELATED TO
 OR CONNECTED WITH THIS UNDERTAKING OR ANY DOCUMENT EXECUTED BY SUCH LOAN PARTY PURSUANT TO THIS UNDERTAKING SHALL BE BROUGHT ONLY IN A COURT IN NEW YORK
.  Performance Guarantor hereby covenants and agrees that
 prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding senior Debt of Recipient
 it will not institute against
 or join any other Person in instituting against
 Recipient any bankruptcy
 reorganization
 arrangement
.  This Undertaking constitutes the entire agreement of Performance Guarantor with respect to the matters set forth herein. The rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law or any other agreement
collateral security for any of the Guaranteed Obligations.  The provisions of this Undertaking are severable
 and in any action or proceeding involving any state corporate law
 or any state or federal bankruptcy
 insolvency
 reorganization or other law affecting the rights of creditors generally
 if the obligations of Performance Guarantor hereunder would otherwise be held or determined to be avoidable
 invalid or unenforceable on account of the amount of Performance Guarantor&#8217;s liability under this Undertaking
 then
 notwithstanding any other provision of this Undertaking to the contrary
 the amount of such liability shall
 without any further action by Performance Guarantor or Recipient
 be automatically limited and reduced to the highest amount that is valid and enforceable as determined in such action or proceeding.  Any provisions of this Undertaking which are prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall
 as to such jurisdiction
 be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof
 and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.  Unless otherwise specified
 references herein to &#8220;Section&#8221; shall mean a reference to sections of this Undertaking.
SMITHFIELD FOODS
Smithfield Foods
Smithfield
 VA 23430
Pursuant to Section 1.7
 of the Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement
 dated as of January 31
 2013 (as amended or otherwise modified from time to time
 the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;) among Smithfield Receivables Funding LLC
&#8221;)
 Smithfield Foods
 Inc.
 a Virginia corporation
&#8221;)
 the Lenders and Co-Agents from time to time party thereto and Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
 New York Branch
 as administrative agent (in such capacity
&#8221;) and as letter of credit issuer (in such capacity
&#8221;)
With respect to the foregoing requested L/C Credit Extension
(A) immediately after giving effect to the requested L/C Credit Extension
(B) as of the date hereof and the date of the L/C Credit Extension
Dated: __________________
Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
$275
000
Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
New York
Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
New York
c/o Global Securitization Services
68 South Service Road
Melville
Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
New York
Jersey City
Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
 New York Branch 














		


This Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement
dated as of May 31
and among Smithfield Receivables Funding LLC
&#8221;)
 Smithfield Foods
 Inc.
&#8221;)
&#8221; together with Borrower
&#8221; and each
&#8221;)
 Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
&#8221;)
&#8221; collectively with the Administrative Agent and Co-Agents
&#8221;)
 and the Lenders and the Co-Agents from time to time party to that certain Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement.  Each of the Loan Parties
 the Agents
 the Letter of Credit Issuer
WHEREAS
 each of the Parties is a party to that certain Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement dated as of January 31
Loan Parties
 the Agents
 the Letter of Credit Issuer
&#32;(as amended prior to the date hereof
WHEREAS
NOW
 THEREFORE
 in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements herein set forth
.  With effect from May 1
the last sentence of Section 1.7(a)(i) of the Original Agreement shall be hereby amended by deleting the reference to &#8220;US Originators&#8221; therein
the definition of &#8220;Scheduled Termination Date&#8221; in Exhibit I to the Original Agreement shall be hereby amended by deleting the reference to &#8220;June 9
 2014&#8221; therein
 and replacing it with &#8220;May 1
.  Except as expressly set forth herein
 this First Amendment shall not alter
 modify
 amend or in any way affect any of the terms
 conditions
 obligations
 covenants or agreements contained in the Original Agreement
.  On and after the effective date of this First Amendment
 each reference in the Original Agreement to &#8220;this Agreement&#8221;
 &#8220;hereunder&#8221;
 &#8220;hereof&#8221;
similar import referring to the Original Agreement
 and each reference in the other Transaction Documents to the &#8220;Credit and Security Agreement&#8221;
 &#8220;thereunder&#8221;
 &#8220;thereof&#8221; or words of similar import referring to the Original Agreement
 shall mean a reference to the Original Agreement
&#32;represents and warrants to the Agents and the Lenders on the date hereof that it has duly authorized
 executed and delivered this First Amendment and that this First Amendment constitutes a legal
 valid and binding obligation of such Party
 enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms (except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy
 insolvency
&#32;further represents and warrants to the Agents and the Lenders that
.  No provision of this First Amendment may be amended
counterparts
.  Sections 14.5
 14.8
 14.9
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
SMITHFIELD RECEIVABLES FUNDING LLC
By:  SFFC
 Inc.
3411 Silverside Rd
Wilmington
c/o Smithfield Foods
Smithfield
 VA 23430
SMITHFIELD FOODS
 INC.
Smithfield Foods
Smithfield
 VA 23430
CO&#214;PERATIEVE CENTRALE RAIFFEISEN-BOERENLEENBANK B.A.
 &#8220;RABOBANK NEDERLAND&#8221;
 NEW YORK BRANCH
 AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT
New York
NIEUW AMSTERDAM RECEIVABLES CORPORATION
c/o Global Securitization Services
68 South Service Road
Melville
 NY  11747














		


Set forth below is a list of each of the subsidiaries of Smithfield Foods
AgProtein
Animex Foods
Animex SF
Animex SF
Animex SF
Animex SF
Animex SF
Cattle Inventory
Chief Milling Partners
Cold Field Investments
Duplin Marketing Company
Farmland Foods
Iowa Quality Meats
Jonmor Investments
Kansas City Sausage Company
MF Energy
Murphy Farms of Texahoma
North Side Investments
NPD Investments
Patcud Investments
Patrick Cudahy
Premium Pet Health
Premium Standard Farms
RMHF Liquidation
SF Investments
SF Marketing Sub
SFFC
SFRMH Liquidation
Simoni Investments
Smithfield Asia Holdings
Smithfield Capital Europe
Smithfield Culinary Foods Group
Smithfield Deli Group
Smithfield Foods de Mexico
Smithfield Global Products
Smithfield Innovations Group
Smithfield International Group de Mexico
Smithfield International Investments
Smithfield Receivables Funding
Smithfield Specialty Foods Group
Smithfield Strategic Sourcing &amp; Service Co.
Smithfield Trading Company
Smithfield Transportation Co.
Stefano Foods
Tar Heel Turkey Hatchery
Texas County Land
The Smithfield Packing Company
Wilmington Bulk
 LLC














		


(1) Registration Statement (Form S-3s Nos. 333-167781
 333-143727) of Smithfield Foods
 Inc.
 and
(2) Registration Statements (Form S-8s Nos. 333-167782
 333-138090
 333-123418
 333-153326
 333-123417
 333-123416
 333-108511
 333-81917
 33-53024) of Smithfield Foods
June&#160;18
 2013
 with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Smithfield Foods
 Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Smithfield Foods
 Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Smithfield Foods
April&#160;28
Richmond
June&#160;18
 2013














		


I
 C. Larry Pope
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Smithfield Foods
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
June&#160;18
 2013














		


I
 Robert W. Manly
 IV
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Smithfield Foods
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
June&#160;18
 2013
Robert W. Manly
 IV














		


18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
In connection with the Annual Report of Smithfield Foods
April&#160;28
&#32;as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 I
 C. Larry Pope
 President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &#167; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&#160;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
June&#160;18
 2013














		


18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
In connection with the Annual Report of Smithfield Foods
April&#160;28
&#32;as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 I
 Robert W. Manly
 IV
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &#167; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&#160;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
June&#160;18
 2013
Robert W. Manly
 IV


















      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      


      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      



    


    




        


        




    


    


    


    


    


    


    




        


        




    


    


    




        


        






        


        






        


        



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 which are expensed upon the first airing of the advertisement. Promotional sponsorship costs are expensed as the promotional events occur. Advertising costs totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$143.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$122.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$120.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 and are included in selling

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 LLC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In September 2012 (fiscal 2013)
 we acquired a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;70%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; controlling interest in American Skin Food Group
 LLC (American Skin) for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$24.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in cash
 including post-closing adjustments for differences in American Skin's calendar 2012 earnings and working capital at closing from agreed-upon targets.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Located in Burgaw
 North Carolina
 American Skin manufactures and supplies pork rinds to the snack food industry. By leveraging our coordinated sales and marketing team
 we believe American Skin can expand into new markets both domestically and internationally
 which could substantially increase current sales of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$25 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and net income of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; annually over the next five to seven years with minimal additional plant investment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The acquisition of American Skin was accounted for in the Pork segment using the acquisition method of accounting
 which requires
 among other things
 that assets acquired
 liabilities assumed and noncontrolling interests in the acquiree be recognized at their fair values as of the acquisition date. The following table summarizes the fair values of the assets acquired
 liabilities assumed and noncontrolling interests recognized as of the date of acquisition for American Skin:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=88% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intangible assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Assets acquired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Liabilities assumed&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Noncontrolling interests&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Purchase price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intangible assets acquired include customer relationship assets
 contractual rights and trademarks with fair values of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$9.7&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$2.6&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$0.1&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. The customer relationship assets and contractual rights will be amortized over useful lives of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;15 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;12 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. The trademarks are not subject to amortization.   &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Goodwill was recognized to reflect the amount of the enterprise fair value that exceeded the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The amount of goodwill that is expected to be deductible for tax purposes is &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$10.5&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The fair value of the noncontrolling interests was measured based on market multiples for similar public companies and consideration of the terms of the acquisition
 which provide the noncontrolling interest holders the right to exercise a put option
 which would obligate us to redeem their interests. The redemption amount is based on a fixed multiple of earnings

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 including capitalized interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(147.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(149.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(223.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income taxes (paid) refunded

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



 investigations and other claims related to the operation of our farms
 labor
 livestock procurement
 securities
 environmental
 product
 taxing authorities and other matters
 and are required to assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters
 as well as potential ranges of probable losses and fees.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;A determination of the amount of accruals and disclosures required
 if any
 for these contingencies is made after considerable analysis of each individual issue. We accrue for contingent liabilities when an assessment of the risk of loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated. We disclose contingent liabilities when the risk of loss is at least reasonably possible or probable.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our contingent liabilities contain uncertainties because the eventual outcome will result from future events.  Our determination of accruals and any reasonably possible losses in excess of those accruals require estimates and judgments related to future changes in facts and circumstances
 interpretations of the law
 the amount of damages or fees
 and the effectiveness of strategies or other factors beyond our control.&amp;#160;If actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 as well as all majority-owned subsidiaries and other entities for which we have a controlling interest. Entities that are 50% owned or less are accounted for under the equity method when we have the ability to exercise significant influence. We use the cost method of accounting for investments in which our ability to exercise significant influence is limited. All intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated. Consolidating the results of operations and financial position of variable interest entities for which we are the primary beneficiary does not have a material effect on sales
 net income
 or net income per diluted share
 or on our financial position for the fiscal periods presented.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars using the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. Results of operations and cash flows in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars using the average exchange rate over the course of the fiscal year. The effect of exchange rate fluctuations on the translation of assets and liabilities is included as a component of shareholders&amp;#8217; equity in accumulated other comprehensive loss and included in other comprehensive income for each period. Gains and losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses as incurred. We recorded net&amp;#160;gains on foreign currency transactions of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and net losses of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$7.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$0.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our Polish operations have different fiscal period end dates. As such
 we have elected to consolidate the results of these operations on a one-month lag. We do not believe the impact of reporting the results of these entities on a one-month lag is material to the consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S.

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;text-indent:-24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.625% senior unsecured notes
 due August 2022
 including unamortized discounts of $4.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;995.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;text-indent:-24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10% senior secured notes
 due July 2014
 including unamortized discounts of $7.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;357.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;text-indent:-24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10% senior secured notes
 due July 2014
 including unamortized premiums of $4.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;229.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;text-indent:-24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.75% senior unsecured notes
 due July 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;500.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;500.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;text-indent:-24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4% senior unsecured Convertible Notes
 due June 2013
 including unamortized discounts of $4.1 million and $26.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;395.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;373.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;text-indent:-24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.75% senior unsecured notes
 due May 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;55.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;160.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;text-indent:-24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Floating rate senior unsecured term loan
 due May 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;200.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;200.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Floating rate senior unsecured term loan
 due February 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;200.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;text-indent:-24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Various
 interest rates from 0.0% to 7.22%
 due May 2013 through June 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;132.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;117.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
479.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
937.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(675.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(62.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
804.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
874.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Scheduled maturities of total debt are as follows:&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=32% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=56% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;675.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;70.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;518.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
170.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
479.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2022 Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In August 2012 (fiscal 2013)
 we issued &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.0&amp;#160;billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; aggregate principal amount of ten year
 6.625% senior unsecured notes at a price equal to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;99.5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of their face value in a registered public offering (2022 Notes). We received net proceeds of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$981.2&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 after underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses
 upon settlement of the 2022 Notes in August 2012 (fiscal 2013). We incurred &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$18.0&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in transaction fees in connection with issuance of the 2022 Notes
 which are being amortized over the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;ten&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;-year life of the notes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Debt Extinguishments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;2011 Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During fiscal 2011
 we repurchased &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$522.2&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of our 7% senior unsecured notes due August 2011 (2011 Notes) for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$543.1&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and recognized losses on debt extinguishment totaling &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$21.4&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 including the write-off of related unamortized premiums and debt costs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During fiscal 2012
 we redeemed the remaining &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$77.8&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of our 7% senior unsecured notes due August 2011.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;2013 Notes and 2014 Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In January 2011 (fiscal 2011)
 we commenced a Dutch auction cash tender offer to purchase for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$450.0&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in cash (the January Tender Offer) the maximum aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 7.75% senior unsecured notes due May 2013 (2013 Notes) and our outstanding 10% senior secured notes due July 2014 (2014 Notes). As a result of the January Tender Offer
 we paid &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$450.0&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to repurchase 2013 Notes and 2014 Notes with face values of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$190.0&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$200.9&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 and recognized losses on debt extinguishment totaling &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$71.1&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011
 including the write-off of related unamortized discounts and debt costs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During fiscal 2012
 we repurchased &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$59.7&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of our 2014 Notes for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$68.3&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and recognized losses on debt extinguishment of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$11.0&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 including the write-off of related unamortized discounts and debt costs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In conjunction with the issuance of the 2022 Notes in July 2012
 we commenced a tender offer to purchase any and all of our outstanding 2013 Notes and any and all of our outstanding 2014 Notes (the July 2012 Tender Offer). The July 2012 Tender Offer expired in August 2012. As a result of the July 2012 Tender Offer
 we paid &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$649.4&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to repurchase 2013 Notes and 2014 Notes with face values of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$105.0&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$456.6&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. Also in August 2012
 we exercised the redemption feature available under our 2014 Notes and paid &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$155.5&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to repurchase the remaining &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$132.8&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of our 2014 Notes. Net proceeds from the issuance of the 2022 Notes were used to make all of the repurchases of the 2013 Notes and 2014 Notes. As a result of these repurchases
 we recognized losses on debt extinguishment totaling &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$120.7&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in fiscal 2013
 including the write-off of related unamortized discounts
 premiums and debt issuance costs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Working Capital Facilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In June 2011 (fiscal 2012)
 we refinanced our asset-based revolving credit agreement totaling &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.0&amp;#160;billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; that supported short-term funding needs and letters of credit (the ABL Credit Facility) into two separate facilities: (1) an inventory-based revolving credit facility totaling &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$925.0&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 with an option to expand up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.225&amp;#160;billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; (the Inventory Revolver)
 and (2) an accounts receivable securitization facility totaling &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$275.0&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; (the Securitization Facility). We may request working capital loans and letters of credit under both facilities. As a result of the refinancing
 we recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.2&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in the first quarter of fiscal 2012 for the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the ABL Credit Facility.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In January 2013 (fiscal 2013)
 we partially exercised the accordion feature of our Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and increased the borrowing capacity of the Inventory Revolver from a total of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$925.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to a total of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.025&amp;#160;billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. All other terms and conditions of the Inventory Revolver remain unchanged
 including the limitation on the actual amount of credit that is available from time to time under the Inventory Revolver as a result of borrowing base valuations of our inventory
 accounts receivable and certain cash balances. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have the right to further exercise the accordion feature and increase its total revolving commitment by an additional aggregate amount not to exceed $200.0 million
 to the extent that any one or more new or existing lenders commit to being a lender for the additional amount and certain other customary conditions are met.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Availability under the Inventory Revolver is a function of the level of eligible inventories
 subject to reserves. The Inventory Revolver matures in June 2016. The unused commitment fee and the interest rate spreads are a function of our leverage ratio (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement). As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the unused commitment fee and interest rate were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;0.5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;LIBOR plus 3%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. The Inventory Revolver includes financial covenants. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;The ratio of our funded debt to capitalization (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement) may not exceed 0.5 to 1.0
 and our EBITDA to interest expense ratio (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement) may not be less than 2.5 to 1.0.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Obligations under the Inventory Revolver are guaranteed by our material U.S. subsidiaries and are secured by a first priority lien on certain personal property
 including cash and cash equivalents
 deposit accounts
 inventory
 intellectual property
 and certain equity interests. We incurred approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$9.7&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in transaction fees in connection with the Inventory Revolver
 which are being amortized over its five-year life.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The term of the Securitization Facility is three years. As part of the arrangement
 all accounts receivable of our major Pork segment subsidiaries are sold to a wholly-owned &amp;#8220;bankruptcy remote&amp;#8221; special purpose vehicle (SPV). The SPV pledges the receivables as security for loans and letters of credit. The SPV is included in our consolidated financial statements and therefore
 the accounts receivable owned by it are included in our consolidated balance sheet. However
 the accounts receivable owned by the SPV are separate and distinct from our other assets and are not available to our other creditors should we become insolvent. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the SPV held &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$411.1&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of accounts receivable and we had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; outstanding borrowings on the Securitization Facility.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The unused commitment fee and the interest rate spreads under the Securitization Facility are a function of our leverage ratio (as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement). As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the unused commitment fee and interest rate were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;0.5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;0.2% plus 1.75%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. We incurred approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.3&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in transaction fees in connection with the Securitization Facility
 which are being amortized over its original three-year life.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we had aggregate credit facilities and credit lines totaling &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.4&amp;#160;billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Our unused capacity under these credit facilities and credit lines was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.3&amp;#160;billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. These facilities and lines are generally at prevailing market rates. We pay commitment fees on the unused portion of the facilities.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Average borrowings under credit facilities and credit lines were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$105.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$99.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$81.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; at average interest rates of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;5.2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;4.9%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;4.8%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. Maximum borrowings were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$229.9&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$245.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$256.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. Total outstanding borrowings were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$82.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$64.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; with average interest rates of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;4.4%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;5.7%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Bank of America Term Loan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In February 2013 (fiscal 2013)
 we executed a new &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$200.0&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; term loan with a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;scheduled maturity date of February 4
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; (the Bank of America Term Loan). The Bank of America Term Loan bears interest at a rate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;LIBOR plus 3.25% per annum or
 at our election
 a base rate plus 2.25% per annum&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. In addition
 we may elect to prepay the Bank of America Term Loan at any time
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;subject to the payment of a prepayment premium of 1% applicable to prepayments made at any time during the first eight months of the term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The Bank of America Term Loan contains various restrictive covenants substantially similar to those contained in the Inventory Revolver
 including with respect to liens
 indebtedness
 investments and acquisitions
 capital expenditures
 distributions
 mergers and asset sales
 in each case
 subject to certain qualifications and exceptions. In addition
 the Bank of America Term Loan contains financial covenants that are also substantially similar to those contained in the Inventory Revolver.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Rabobank Term Loan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In August 2012 (fiscal 2013)
 we amended our &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$200.0&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; term loan with Rabobank (the Rabobank Term Loan). As a result of the amended agreement
 our maturity date was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;extended from June 2016 (fiscal 2017) to May 2018 (fiscal 2019)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and the interest rate increased to an annual rate equal to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;LIBOR plus 4%
 or at our election
 a base rate plus 3%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The amended agreement contains affirmative and negative covenants that
 among other things
 limit or restrict our ability to create liens and encumbrances; incur debt; make acquisitions and investments; dispose of or transfer assets; pay dividends or make other payments in respect of our stock; in each case
 subject to certain qualifications and exceptions that are generally consistent with the terms and conditions of the 2022 Notes. In addition
 the amended agreement contains a financial covenant requiring us to maintain a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;minimum interest coverage ratio (ratio of consolidated EBITDA to consolidated interest expense) of not less than 1.75 to 1.0 commencing with our third quarter of fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Convertible Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In July 2008 (fiscal 2009)
 we issued &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$400&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; aggregate principal amount of 4% convertible senior notes due June&amp;#160;30
 2013 (the Convertible Notes) in a registered offering. The Convertible Notes are senior unsecured obligations. The Convertible Notes are payable with cash and
 at certain times
 are convertible into shares of our common stock based on an initial conversion rate
 subject to adjustment
 of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;44.082&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares per &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; principal amount of Convertible Notes (which represents an initial conversion price of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$22.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per share). Upon conversion
 a holder will receive cash up to the principal amount of the Convertible Notes and shares of our common stock for the remainder
 if any
 of the conversion obligation.&amp;#160; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On April&amp;#160;1
 2013
 holders obtained the ability to convert their Convertible Notes at any time prior to the close of business on the third scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On the date of issuance of the Convertible Notes
 our nonconvertible debt borrowing rate was determined to be &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;10.2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Based on that rate of interest
 the equity component of the Convertible Notes was determined to be &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$95.8&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In connection with the issuance of the Convertible Notes
 we entered into separate convertible note hedge transactions with respect to our common stock to reduce potential economic dilution upon conversion of the Convertible Notes
 and separate warrant transactions (collectively referred to as the Call Spread Transactions). We purchased call options that permit us to acquire up to approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;17.6&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of our common stock
 subject to adjustment
 which is the number of shares initially issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Notes. In addition
 we sold warrants permitting the purchasers to acquire up to approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;17.6&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of our common stock

  
  
  
  
  
  

 at our election


 or at our election



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Premiums and Discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Debt issuance costs

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 primarily live hogs
 corn and soybean meal
 which are actively traded on commodity exchanges. We hedge these commodities when we determine conditions are appropriate to mitigate price risk. While this hedging may limit our ability to participate in gains from favorable commodity fluctuations
 it also tends to reduce the risk of loss from adverse changes in raw material prices. We attempt to closely match the commodity contract terms with the hedged item. We also periodically enter into interest rate swaps to hedge exposure to changes in interest rates on certain financial instruments and foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge certain exposures to fluctuating foreign currency rates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We record all derivatives in the balance sheet as either assets or liabilities at fair value. Accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative depends on whether it qualifies and has been designated as part of a hedging relationship. For derivatives that qualify and have been designated as hedges for accounting purposes
 changes in fair value have no net impact on earnings
 to the extent the derivative is considered perfectly effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows attributable to the risk being hedged
 until the hedged item is recognized in earnings (commonly referred to as the &amp;#8220;hedge accounting&amp;#8221; method). For derivatives that do not qualify or are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes
 changes in fair value are recorded in current period earnings (commonly referred to as the &amp;#8220;mark-to-market&amp;#8221; method). We may elect either method of accounting for our derivative portfolio
 assuming all the necessary requirements are met. We have in the past availed ourselves of either acceptable method and expect to do so in the future. We believe all of our derivative instruments represent economic hedges against changes in prices and rates
 regardless of their designation for accounting purposes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We do not offset the fair value of derivative instruments with cash collateral held with or received from the same counterparty under a master netting arrangement. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 prepaid expenses and other current assets included &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$75.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; representing cash on deposit with brokers to cover losses on our open derivative instruments and accrued expenses and other current liabilities included &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$3.6&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; representing cash deposits received from brokers to cover gains on our open derivative instruments. Changes in commodity prices could have a significant impact on&amp;#160;cash deposit&amp;#160;requirements under our broker and counterparty agreements. Additionally
 certain of our&amp;#160;derivative contracts contain credit risk related&amp;#160;contingent features
 which would require us to post additional&amp;#160;cash collateral to cover&amp;#160;net&amp;#160;losses on open derivative instruments if our credit rating was downgraded.&amp;#160;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
&amp;#160;the&amp;#160;net liability position&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;our open derivative instruments&amp;#160;that&amp;#160;are subject to credit risk related contingent&amp;#160;features was&amp;#160;not material.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We are exposed to losses in the event of nonperformance or nonpayment by counterparties under financial instruments. Although our counterparties primarily consist of financial institutions that are investment grade
 there is still a possibility that one or more of these companies could default. &amp;#160;However
 a majority of our financial instruments are exchange traded futures contracts held with brokers and counterparties with whom we maintain margin accounts that are settled on a daily basis
 thereby limiting our credit exposure to non-exchange traded derivatives.&amp;#160;Determination of the credit quality of our counterparties is based upon a number of factors
 including credit ratings and our evaluation of their financial condition. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we had credit exposure of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$11.4&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; on non-exchange traded derivative contracts
 excluding the effects of netting arrangements. As a result of netting arrangements
 we had no significant credit exposure as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. No significant concentrations of credit risk existed as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The size and mix of our derivative portfolio varies from time to time based upon our analysis of current and future market conditions.  All derivative contracts are recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets or accrued expenses and other current liabilities within the consolidated balance sheets
 as appropriate. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table presents the fair values of our open derivative financial instruments in the consolidated balance sheets on a gross basis.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=17 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=52% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Derivatives using the hedge accounting method:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Grain contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;73.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Livestock contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign exchange contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;60.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;74.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Derivatives using the mark-to-market method:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Grain contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Livestock contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Energy contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign exchange contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:84px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total fair value of derivative instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;29.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;79.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;89.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Hedge Accounting Method&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Cash Flow Hedges&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We enter into derivative instruments
 such as futures
 swaps and options contracts
 to manage our exposure to the variability in expected future cash flows attributable to commodity price risk associated with the forecasted sale of live hogs and fresh pork
 and the forecasted purchase of corn
 wheat and soybean meal. In addition
 we&amp;#160;enter into interest rate swaps to manage our exposure to changes in interest rates associated with our variable interest rate debt
 and we enter into foreign exchange contracts to manage our exposure to the variability in expected future cash flows attributable to changes in foreign exchange rates associated with the forecasted purchase or sale of assets denominated in foreign currencies. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we had no cash flow hedges for forecasted transactions beyond &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;When cash flow hedge accounting is applied
 derivative gains or losses are recognized as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transactions affect earnings. Derivative gains and losses
 when reclassified into earnings
 are recorded in cost of sales for&amp;#160;grain contracts
 sales for lean hog contracts
 interest expense for interest rate contracts and selling
 general and administrative expenses for foreign exchange contracts. Gains and losses on derivatives designed to hedge price risk associated with fresh pork sales are recorded in the Hog Production segment.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the range of notional volumes associated with open derivative instruments designated in cash flow hedging relationships was as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=55% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=14% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Minimum&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Maximum&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Metric&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Commodities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corn&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30
885
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;114
525
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;Bushels&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Soybean meal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;273
496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;755
444&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;Tons&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Lean Hogs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;569
920
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;Pounds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign currency &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11
687
888&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;71
979

 foreign exchange contracts were determined to be highly effective. We have excluded from the assessment of effectiveness differences between spot and forward rates
 which we have determined to be immaterial. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During fiscal 2012 and 2011
 we discontinued cash flow hedge accounting on certain grain contracts as it became probable that the original forecasted transactions would not transpire. As a result of this change
 the table above for fiscal 2012 includes gains of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$12.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; on grain contracts de-designated from hedging relationships that were reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss into earnings in fiscal 2012. The related impact of discontinued cash flow hedges in fiscal 2011 was immaterial.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
&amp;#160;there were deferred net&amp;#160;losses of&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$17.8&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 net of tax of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$11.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
&amp;#160;in accumulated other comprehensive loss. We expect to reclassify &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$39.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; (&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$23.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; net of tax) of the deferred net gains on closed commodity contracts into earnings in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&amp;#160;We are unable to estimate the unrealized gains or losses to be reclassified into earnings in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; related to open contracts as their values are subject to change.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Fair Value Hedges&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We enter into derivative instruments (primarily futures contracts) that are designed to hedge changes in&amp;#160;the fair value of live hog inventories and&amp;#160;firm commitments to buy grains. When fair value hedge accounting is applied
 derivative gains and losses are recognized in earnings currently along with the change in fair value of the hedged item attributable to the risk being hedged. The gains or losses on the derivative instruments and the offsetting losses or gains on the related hedged items are recorded in cost of sales for commodity contracts.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the range of notional volumes associated with open derivative instruments designated in fair value hedging relationships was as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=55% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=14% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Minimum&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Maximum&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Metric&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Commodities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Lean hogs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;286
800
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;Pounds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corn&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
745
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16
960

 gains of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$6.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and losses of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$24.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 on closed commodity derivative contracts as the underlying cash transactions affected earnings. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;For fair value hedges of hog inventory

 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Mark-to-Market Method&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivative instruments that are not designated as a hedge
 have been de-designated from a hedging relationship
 or do not meet the criteria for hedge accounting are marked-to-market with the unrealized gains and losses together with actual realized gains and losses from closed contracts being recognized in current period earnings. Under the mark-to-market method
 gains and losses are recorded in either sales or cost of sales for commodity contracts
 and selling
 general and administrative expenses for foreign exchange contracts.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the range of notional volumes associated with open derivative instruments using the &amp;#8220;mark-to-market&amp;#8221; method was as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=55% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=14% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Minimum&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Maximum&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Metric&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Commodities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Lean hogs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;320
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;542
440
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pounds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corn&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
080
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22
960
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Bushels&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Soybean meal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;33
945&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;109
065&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tons&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Soybeans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;155
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;935
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Bushels&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Wheat&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Bushels&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Natural gas&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
370
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11
030
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Million BTU&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Diesel&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
528
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gallons&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Crude oil&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;144
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Barrels&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign currency &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21
823
992&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;131
845

 among other things
 gains and losses related to contracts designed to hedge price movements that occur entirely within a fiscal year. The table includes amounts for both realized and unrealized gains and losses. The table is not
 therefore

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 primarily live hogs
 corn and soybean meal
 which are actively traded on commodity exchanges. We hedge these commodities when we determine conditions are appropriate to mitigate price risk. While this hedging may limit our ability to participate in gains from favorable commodity fluctuations
 it also tends to reduce the risk of loss from adverse changes in raw material prices. We attempt to closely match the commodity contract terms with the hedged item. We also periodically enter into interest rate swaps to hedge exposure to changes in interest rates on certain financial instruments and foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge certain exposures to fluctuating foreign currency rates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We record all derivatives in the balance sheet as either assets or liabilities at fair value. Accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative depends on whether it qualifies and has been designated as part of a hedging relationship. For derivatives that qualify and have been designated as hedges for accounting purposes
 changes in fair value have no net impact on earnings
 to the extent the derivative is considered perfectly effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows attributable to the risk being hedged
 until the hedged item is recognized in earnings (commonly referred to as the &amp;#8220;hedge accounting&amp;#8221; method). For derivatives that do not qualify or are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes
 changes in fair value are recorded in current period earnings (commonly referred to as the &amp;#8220;mark-to-market&amp;#8221; method). We may elect either method of accounting for our derivative portfolio
 assuming all the necessary requirements are met. We have in the past availed ourselves of either acceptable method and expect to do so in the future. We believe all of our derivative instruments represent economic hedges against changes in prices and rates


 Virginia Plant&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In November 2011 (fiscal 2012)
 we announced that we would shift the production of hot dogs and lunchmeat from The Smithfield Packing Company
 Inc.'s (Smithfield Packing) Portsmouth
 Virginia plant to our Kinston
 North Carolina plant and permanently close the Portsmouth facility. The Kinston facility will be expanded to handle the additional production and will incorporate state of the art technology and equipment
 which is expected to produce significant production efficiencies and cost reductions. The Kinston expansion will require an estimated &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$85&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in capital expenditures
 substantially all of which had been incurred by the end of fiscal 2013.. The expansion of the Kinston facility and the closure of the Portsmouth facility are expected to be completed in the first half of fiscal 2014. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As a result of this decision
 we performed an impairment analysis of the related assets at the Portsmouth facility in the second quarter of fiscal 2012 and determined that the net cash flows expected to be generated over the anticipated remaining useful life of the plant are sufficient to recover its book value. As such
 no impairment existed. However
 we revised depreciation estimates to reflect the use of the related assets at the Portsmouth facility over their shortened useful lives. As a result
 we recognized accelerated depreciation charges of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$4.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$3.3&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in cost of sales during fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 respectively. Also
 in connection with this decision
 we wrote-down inventory by &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$0.8&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in cost of sales and accrued &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$0.6&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for employee severance in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the second quarter of fiscal 2012. All of these charges are reflected in the Pork segment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Hog Farms&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Texas&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In January 2011 (fiscal 2011)
 we sold a portion of our Dalhart
 Texas hog production assets to a crop farmer for net proceeds of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$9.1&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and recognized a loss on the sale of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.8&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in selling
 general and administrative expenses in our Hog Production segment in the third quarter of fiscal 2011. In April 2011 (fiscal 2011)
 we completed the sale of the remaining assets of our Dalhart
 Texas operation and received net proceeds of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$32.5&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. As a result of the sale
 we recognized a gain of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$13.6&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 after allocating &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$8.5&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in goodwill to the asset group
 in selling
 general and administrative expenses in our Hog Production segment in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011. Goodwill was allocated to this business based on its fair value relative to the estimated fair value of our domestic hog production reporting unit. The operating results and cash flows from these asset groups were not considered material for separate disclosure.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Oklahoma and Iowa&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In January 2011 (fiscal 2011)
 we completed the sale of certain hog production assets located in Oklahoma and Iowa. As a result of these sales
 we received total net proceeds of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$70.4&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and recognized gains totaling &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$6.9&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 after allocating &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$17.0&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of goodwill to these asset groups. Goodwill was allocated to this business based on its fair value relative to the estimated fair value of our domestic hog production reporting unit. The gains were recorded in selling
 general and administrative expenses in our Hog Production segment in the third quarter of fiscal 2011. The operating results and cash flows from these asset groups were not considered material for separate disclosure.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Missouri&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In the first half of fiscal 2011
 we began reducing the hog population on certain hog farms in Missouri in order to comply with an amended consent decree. The amended consent decree allows us to return the farms to full capacity upon the installation of an approved next generation technology that would reduce the level of odor produced by the farms. The reduced hog raising capacity at these farms was replaced with third party contract farmers in Iowa. In the first quarter of fiscal 2011
 in connection with the anticipated reduction in finishing capacity
 we performed an impairment analysis of these hog farms and determined that the book value of the assets was recoverable and thus
 no impairment existed.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Based on the favorable hog raising performance experienced with these third party contract farmers and the amount of capital required to install next generation technology at our Missouri farms
 we made the decision in the first quarter of fiscal 2012 to permanently idle certain of the assets on these farms. Depreciation estimates were revised to reflect the shortened useful lives of the assets. As a result
 we recognized accelerated depreciation charges of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$8.2&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in fiscal 2012. These charges are reflected in the Hog Production segment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Butterball
 LLC (Butterball) &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In June 2010 (fiscal 2011)
 we announced that we had made an offer to purchase our joint venture partner&amp;#8217;s &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;51%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; ownership interest in Butterball and our partner&amp;#8217;s related turkey production assets. In accordance with Butterball&amp;#8217;s operating agreement
 our partner had to either accept the offer to sell or be required to purchase our &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;49%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; interest and our related turkey production assets
 which we refer to below as our turkey operations. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In September 2010 (fiscal 2011)
 we were notified of our joint venture partner&amp;#8217;s decision to purchase our &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;49%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; interest in Butterball and our related turkey production assets. In December 2010 (fiscal 2011)
 we completed the sale of these assets for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$167.0&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and recognized a gain of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$0.2&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The gain was calculated as the cash selling price
 net of costs to sell

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 such as stock options and convertible notes
 during the period. We excluded stock based awards for approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2.1&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;1.7&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;1.8&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Campofr&amp;#237;o Food Group (CFG)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;376.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;385.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mexican joint ventures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;129.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;111.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;All other equity method investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Various&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Various&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;532.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;522.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We record our share of earnings and losses from our equity method investments in (income) loss from equity method investments. Some of these results are reported on a one-month lag which
 in our opinion
 does not materially impact our consolidated financial statements. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Each quarter
 we review the carrying value of our investments and consider whether indicators of impairment exist. Examples of impairment indicators include a history or expectation of future operating losses and declines in a quoted share price
 among other factors. If an impairment indicator exists
 we must evaluate the fair value of our investment to determine if a loss in value
 which is other than temporary
 has occurred. If we consider any such decline to be other than temporary (based on various factors
 including historical financial results
 product development activities and the overall health of the affiliate&amp;#8217;s industry)
 then a write-down of the investment to its estimated fair value would be recorded. We have determined that no write-down was necessary for all periods presented.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we held &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;37
811
302&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of CFG common stock. Shares of CFG are publicly traded on the Bolsa de Madrid Exchange (Madrid Exchange). As the table below shows
 the carrying value of our investment in CFG was above the quoted market price on the Madrid Exchange as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 indicating a possible impairment of our investment in CFG. However
 we do not believe the quoted share price on the Madrid Exchange is
 by itself
 reflective of the fair value of our investment in CFG for the following reasons: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:72px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:48px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;the minority shares traded on the Madrid Exchange confer no special rights or privileges to buyers.  In contrast

 giving us the ability to exert significant influence over the strategic and operational decisions of our investee.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:72px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:48px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;the stock is very thinly traded. CFG is a closely held company
 with the three largest shareholders owning approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;76%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the outstanding shares. We are CFG's largest shareholder

 with upward and downward fluctuations in between. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The table below shows CFG's intra-day high share price and Smithfield's carrying value
 expressed in euro per share
 on various dates relevant to our disclosures during the last 24 months.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=74% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Share Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Carrying Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;May 5
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8364;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8364;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.93&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;February 17
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8364;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8364;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April 29
 2012 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8364;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8364;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April 28

 CFG's share price traded as high as &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;&amp;#8364;5.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; per share on &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;May&amp;#160;30
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As noted above
 we do not consider the share price on the Madrid Exchange
 by itself
 to be determinative of fair value. In assessing the fair value of our investment
 we considered a variety of information
 including an independent third party valuation report
 which incorporates generally accepted valuation techniques
 CFG's history of positive cash flows
 expectations about the future cash flows of CFG
 market multiples for comparable businesses
 and an influence premium applied to the market price of CFG's shares on the Madrid Exchange to adjust for our contractual right to two board seats and our ability to exert significant influence over the operational and strategic decisions of the company. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Based on an evaluation of all these factors
 we concluded the fair value of our investment in CFG as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 exceeded its carrying amount. However
 our estimate of fair value has declined over the last 24 months
 significantly eroding the gap between fair value and carrying value. The fair value decline is primarily attributable to persistent recessionary conditions in Western Europe
 which have dampened CFG's current operating performance. In addition
 rising interest rates associated with European sovereign debt crises have forced discount rates higher
 diminishing the values calculated using our discounted cash flow techniques. Finally
 CFG's share price on the Madrid Exchange has declined and
 notwithstanding our reservations about the Madrid Exchange price
 we nonetheless utilize it as a component of our valuation work and believe such declines must be considered as part of our fair value estimate. While we do not believe our investment is impaired as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the confluence of these and other factors has decreased our estimate of CFG's fair value and increased the risk of impairment. If the trends contributing to our lower estimate of CFG's fair value continue
 the investment would become impaired. Specifically
 if the most sensitive factors affecting our fair value calculations (i.e.
 estimates of future cash flows
 interest rates and share price) continue to deteriorate
 it is reasonably possible that our estimate of fair value could fall below carrying value. If that occurs
 and we determine that the decline is other than temporary

 there may be differences between the amounts we report for CFG and the amounts reported by CFG.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In December 2011 (fiscal 2012)
 the board of CFG approved a multi-year plan to consolidate and streamline its manufacturing operations to improve operating efficiencies and increase utilization (the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;CFG Consolidation Plan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;). The &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;CFG Consolidation Plan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; includes the disposal of certain assets
 employee redundancy costs and the contribution of CFG's French cooked ham business into a newly formed joint venture. As a result
 we recorded our share of CFG's charges totaling &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$38.7&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in loss (income) from equity method investments within the International segment in fiscal 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following summarized financial information for CFG is based on CFG's financial statements and translated into U.S. Dollars:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=64% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fiscal Years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Income statement information:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
464.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
536.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
433.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;564.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;583.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;423.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(71.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;46.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Balance sheet information:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;909.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;944.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Long-term assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
926.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
930.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;993.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;941.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Long-term liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
094.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1


 in our opinion
 does not materially impact our consolidated financial statements. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Each quarter
 we review the carrying value of our investments and consider whether indicators of impairment exist. Examples of impairment indicators include a history or expectation of future operating losses and declines in a quoted share price
 among other factors. If an impairment indicator exists
 we must evaluate the fair value of our investment to determine if a loss in value
 which is other than temporary
 has occurred. If we consider any such decline to be other than temporary (based on various factors
 including historical financial results
 product development activities and the overall health of the affiliate&amp;#8217;s industry)


 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;29

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 both of the reporting entity (for liabilities) and of the counterparty (for assets).&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We use
 as appropriate
 a market approach (generally
 data from market transactions)
 an income approach (generally
 present value techniques)
 and/or a cost approach (generally
 replacement cost) to measure the fair value of an asset or liability.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;These valuation approaches incorporate inputs such as observable
 independent market data that we believe are predicated on the assumptions market participants would use to price an asset or liability. These inputs may incorporate
 as applicable
 certain risks such as nonperformance risk

 such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:16px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#9642;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&amp;#8212;unobservable for an asset or liability. Unobservable inputs should only be used to the extent observable inputs are not available.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have classified assets and liabilities  measured at fair value based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. For the periods presented
 we had no transfers of assets or liabilities between levels within the fair value hierarchy. The timing of any such transfers would be determined at the end of each reporting period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following tables set forth
 by level within the fair value hierarchy
 our non-pension financial assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=33 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=27% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=2% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=6% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivatives:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commodity contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;52.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;53.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;text-indent:-24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign exchange contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Open-ended mutual funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Insurance contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;60.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;60.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;51.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;51.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:84px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;60.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;74.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;64.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;56.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;121.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivatives:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commodity contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;67.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;text-indent:-24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign exchange contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:84px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;68.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following are descriptions of the valuation methodologies and key inputs used to measure financial assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;&amp;#9642;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Derivatives&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivatives classified within Level 1 are valued using quoted market prices. In some cases where quoted market prices are not available
 we value the derivatives using pricing models based on the net present value of estimated future cash flows to calculate fair value
 in which case the measurements are classified within Level 2. These valuation models make use of market-based observable inputs
 including exchange traded prices and rates
 yield curves
 credit curves
 and measures of volatility.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#9642;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Open-ended mutual funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;Open-ended mutual funds are valued at their net asset value (NAV)
 which approximates fair value
 and classified as Level 1.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:16px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;&amp;#9642;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Insurance contracts&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Insurance contracts are valued at their cash surrender value using the daily asset unit value (AUV) which is based on the quoted market price of the underlying securities and classified within Level 2.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis after initial recognition; that is
 the assets and liabilities are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances
 for example
 when there is evidence of impairment. During &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we had no significant assets or liabilities that were measured and recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Pension Plan Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes our pension plan assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis (at least annually) as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=33 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=30% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Equity&amp;#160;securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Preferred stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. common stock:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Health care&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Financial services&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Retail and consumer products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;90.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;90.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;117.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;117.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Energy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Information technology&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Manufacturing and industrials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Telecommunications&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International common stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;104.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;104.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;103.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;103.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mutual funds:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;82.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;82.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Domestic small cap&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Domestic large cap&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balanced&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fixed income:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mutual funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Asset-backed securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;92.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;92.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Emerging markets securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate debt securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;366.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;366.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;285.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;285.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Government debt securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;130.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;130.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;106.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;106.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Alternative investments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Diversified investment funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;51.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;51.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Domestic options contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Futures contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Limited partnerships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;75.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;75.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Insurance contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:76px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;339.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;724.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;41.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
105.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;358.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;585.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;76.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
021.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unsettled transactions
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:3px double #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:3px double #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:76px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
110.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
023.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following are descriptions of the valuation methodologies and key inputs used to measure pension plan assets recorded at fair value:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#9642;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Cash  and cash equivalents&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash equivalents include highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. Due to their short-term nature
 the carrying amount of these instruments approximates the estimated fair value. Actively traded money market funds are measured at their NAV
 which approximates fair value
 and classified as Level 1. The fair value of certain money market funds for which quoted prices are available but traded less frequently have been classified as Level 2.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#9642;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Equity securities&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;When available
 the fair value of equity securities are based on quoted prices in active markets and classified as Level 1. Level 1 financial instruments include highly liquid instruments with quoted prices
 such as equities and mutual funds traded in active markets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:left;padding-left:48px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;If quoted prices are not available
 fair values are obtained from pricing services
 broker quotes or other model-based valuation techniques with observable inputs and classified as Level 2. The nature of these equity securities include securities for which quoted prices are available but traded less frequently
 securities whose fair value has been derived using a model where inputs to the model are directly observable in the market
 or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data and securities that are valued using other financial instruments
 the parameters of which can be directly observed. Level 2 equity securities include preferred stock and mutual funds not actively traded.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#9642;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Fixed income&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The fair values of fixed income instruments are obtained from pricing services
 broker quotes or other model-based valuation techniques with observable inputs and classified as Level 2. The nature of these fixed income instruments include instruments for which quoted prices are available but traded less frequently
 instruments whose fair value has been derived using a model where inputs to the model are directly observable in the market
 or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data and securities that are valued using other financial instruments
 the parameters of which can be directly observed. Level 2 fixed income instruments include mutual funds
 asset-backed securities
 corporate debt securities and government debt securities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Alternative Investments&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;fair values of alternative investments are obtained from pricing services
 broker quotes or other model-based valuation techniques with observable inputs and classified as Level 2. The nature of these alternative investments include instruments for which quoted prices are available but traded less frequently
 instruments whose fair value has been derived using a model where inputs to the model are directly observable in the market
 or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data and securities that are valued using other financial instruments
 the parameters of which can be directly observed. Level 2 alternative investments include diversified investment funds
 domestic options contracts and futures contracts.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#9642;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Limited partnerships&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The valuation of limited partnership investments requires the use of significant unobservable inputs due to the absence of quoted market prices
 inherent lack of liquidity and long-term nature of such assets and are classified as Level 3. These investments are initially valued at cost with quarterly valuations performed utilizing available market data to determine the fair value of these investments. Such market data consists primarily of the observations of trading multiples of public companies considered comparable to the investments with adjustments for investment-specific issues
 the lack of liquidity and other items. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:16px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#9642;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Insurance contracts&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The valuation of these guaranteed annuity insurance contracts is primarily based on quoted prices in active markets with adjustments for unobservable inputs caused by the unique nature of applying investment earnings as part of the participation guarantee.&amp;#160;Due to these unobservable inputs and the long-term nature of these investments
 the contracts are classified as Level 3.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes the changes in our Level 3 pension plan assets for the year-ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=76% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Insurance Contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Limited Partnerships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance
 May 1
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;33.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actual return on plan assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Related to assets held at the reporting date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Related to assets sold during the period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Purchases
 sales and settlements
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;42.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance
 April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;75.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actual return on plan assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Related to assets held at the reporting date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Related to assets sold during the period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Purchases
 sales and settlements
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(26.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance
 April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Other Financial Instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We determine the fair value of public debt using Level 2 inputs based on quoted market prices. The carrying amount of all other debt approximates fair value as those instruments are based on variable interest rates. The following table presents the fair value and carrying value of long-term debt
 including the current portion of long-term debt as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=17 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=52% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Carrying Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Carrying Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total Debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
732.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
479.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
176.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
937.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 or sooner if impairment indicators arise. In the evaluation of goodwill for impairment
 we may perform a qualitative assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If it is not
 no further analysis is required. If it is
 a prescribed two-step goodwill impairment test is performed to identify potential goodwill impairment and measure the amount of goodwill impairment loss to be recognized for that reporting unit
 if any.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The first step in the two-step impairment test is to identify if a potential impairment exists by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount
 including goodwill. The fair value of a reporting unit is estimated by applying valuation multiples and/or estimating future discounted cash flows. The selection of multiples is dependent upon assumptions regarding future levels of operating performance as well as business trends and prospects
 and industry
 market and economic conditions. When estimating future discounted cash flows
 we consider the assumptions that hypothetical marketplace participants would use in estimating future cash flows. In addition
 where applicable
 an appropriate discount rate is used
 based on an industry-wide average cost of capital or location-specific economic factors. If the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount
 goodwill of the reporting unit is not considered to have a potential impairment and the second step of the impairment test is not necessary. However
 if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 the second step is performed to determine if goodwill is impaired and to measure the amount of impairment loss to recognize
 if any.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The second step compares the implied fair value of goodwill with the carrying amount of goodwill. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination (i.e.
 the fair value of the reporting unit is allocated to all the assets and liabilities
 including any unrecognized intangible assets
 as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination and the fair value of the reporting unit was the purchase price paid to acquire the reporting unit). If the implied fair value of goodwill exceeds the carrying amount
 goodwill is not considered impaired. However
 if the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Based on the results of our annual goodwill impairment tests
 as of our testing date
 no&amp;#160;impairment indicators were noted for all the&amp;#160;periods presented.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The carrying amount of goodwill includes&amp;#160;cumulative impairment losses of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$6.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intangible assets consist of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=64% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Useful Life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in Years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Amortized intangible assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Customer relations assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15-16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Patents
 rights and leasehold interests&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5-25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Contractual relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;33.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;33.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(25.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(22.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortized intangible assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;44.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Non-amortized intangible assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trademarks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Indefinite&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;339.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;340.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Permits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Indefinite&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intangible assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;390.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;381.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The fair values of trademarks are calculated using a royalty rate method. Assumptions about royalty rates are based on the rates at which similar brands and trademarks are licensed in the marketplace. If the carrying value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets exceeds their fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. Intangible assets with finite lives are reviewed for recoverability when indicators of impairment are present using estimated future undiscounted cash flows related to those assets. We have determined that no impairments of our intangible assets existed for any of the&amp;#160;periods presented.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortization expense for intangible assets was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$3.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$3.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$3.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 net of federal tax benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Foreign income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unremitted earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net change in uncertain tax positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax credits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Manufacturer's deduction&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Adjustment to goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Effective tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The unremitted earnings impact to the effective tax rate in fiscal 2012 resulted primarily from the CFG Consolidation Plan.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We had income taxes receivable of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$79.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$101.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
  in prepaid expenses and other current assets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The tax effects of temporary differences consist of the following:&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=76% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pension and other retirement liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;272.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;256.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Tax credits
 carryforwards and net operating losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;77.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;85.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued expenses and other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;53.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Employee benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;409.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;426.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(43.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(54.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;365.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;371.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;371.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;385.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;134.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;125.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;31.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Employee benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Investments in subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;44.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;44.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;551.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;601.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table presents the classification of deferred taxes in our balance sheets as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=76% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Prepaids and other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;205.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;290.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Management makes an assessment to determine if its deferred tax assets are more likely than not to be realized.&amp;#160;Valuation allowances are established in the event that management believes the related tax benefits will not be realized. The valuation allowance primarily relates&amp;#160;to state credits
 state&amp;#160;net operating loss carryforwards and losses in foreign jurisdictions for which no tax benefit was recognized. During &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the valuation allowance decreased by &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$11.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; resulting primarily from the utilization of tax losses in foreign jurisdictions.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The tax credits
 carryforwards and net operating losses expire from fiscal 2014 to 2033.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;There were&amp;#160;foreign subsidiary net earnings that&amp;#160;were considered permanently reinvested of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$149.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$123.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. It is not reasonably determinable as to the amount of deferred tax liability that would need to be provided if such earnings were not reinvested.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;A reconciliation of the beginning and ending liability for unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=87% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in&amp;#160;millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance
 May 1
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;33.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Additions for tax positions taken in the current year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Additions for tax positions taken in prior years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Settlements with taxing authorities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(9.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Lapse of statute of limitations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance
 April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:9px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Additions for tax positions taken in the current year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Reduction for tax positions taken in prior years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Settlements with taxing authorities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Lapse of statute of limitations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balance
 April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We operate in multiple taxing jurisdictions
 both within the U.S. and outside of the U.S.
 and are subject to examination from various tax authorities. The liability for unrecognized tax benefits included &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$5.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$4.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of accrued interest as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. We recognized &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$0.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of net interest expense during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$3.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$0.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of net interest income during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 in income tax expense. The liability for unrecognized tax benefits included &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$14.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$14.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 that if recognized
 would impact the effective tax rate.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We are currently being audited in several tax jurisdictions and remain subject to examination until the statute of limitations expires for the respective tax jurisdiction. Within specific countries
 we may be subject to audit by various tax authorities
 or subsidiaries operating within the country may be subject to different statute of limitations expiration dates. We have concluded all U.S. federal income tax matters through fiscal 2012. We are currently under U.S federal examination for the 2013 tax year.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Based upon the expiration of statutes of limitations and/or the conclusion of tax examinations in several jurisdictions as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we believe it is reasonably possible that the total amount of previously unrecognized tax benefits may decrease by up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$2.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; within twelve months of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28

  
  
  

 the use of estimates
 and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. Significant judgment is required in assessing the timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We record unrecognized tax benefit liabilities for known or anticipated tax issues based on our analysis of whether
 and the extent to which

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Livestock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
113.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;962.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh and packaged meats&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;960.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;912.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Grains&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;162.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;90.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Manufacturing supplies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;59.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;54.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;48.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
348.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
072.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Livestock are generally valued at the lower of first-in
 first-out cost or market
 adjusted for changes in the fair value of livestock that are hedged. Costs include purchase costs
 feed
 medications
 contract grower fees and other production expenses. Fresh and packaged meats are valued based on USDA and other market prices and adjusted for the cost of further processing. Costs for fresh and packaged meats include meat
 labor

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 plan assets and the funded status of these pension plans.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=76% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Change in benefit obligation:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefit obligation at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
610.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
329.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;47.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;74.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;75.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(65.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(63.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actuarial loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;146.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;229.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:76px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefit obligation at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
813.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
610.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Change in plan assets: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
023.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;956.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actual return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;131.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(16.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Employer contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;142.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(62.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(59.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:76px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
110.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
023.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:108px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Funded status&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(702.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(587.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheet:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net long-term pension liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(697.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(581.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued expenses and other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:76px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net amount recognized at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(702.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(587.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:16px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:36px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Excludes the assets and related activity of our non-qualified defined benefit pension plans. The fair value of assets related to our non-qualified plans was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$121.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$107.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;  as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;
 respectively. We made &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; contributions to our non-qualified plans in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;. Benefits paid for our non-qualified plans were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$3.9&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$3.5&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:4px;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit pension plans was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.7&amp;#160;billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.5&amp;#160;billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;font-style:normal;font-weight:normal;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;font-style:normal;font-weight:normal;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. The accumulated benefit obligation for all&amp;#160;of our&amp;#160;defined benefit pension plans exceeded the fair value of plan assets for both periods presented.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table shows the pre-tax unrecognized items included as components of accumulated other comprehensive loss related to our defined benefit pension plans as of the dates indicated.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=76% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;29

 we use the yield on corporate bonds (rated AA or better) that coincides with the cash flows of the plans&amp;#8217; estimated benefit payouts. The model uses a yield curve approach to discount each cash flow of the liability stream at an interest rate specifically applicable to the timing of each respective cash flow. Using imputed interest rates
 the model sums the present value of each cash flow stream to calculate an equivalent weighted average discount rate. We use this resulting weighted average discount rate&amp;#160;to determine our&amp;#160;final discount rate.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;To determine the expected long-term return on plan assets
 we consider the current and anticipated asset allocations
 as well as historical and estimated returns on various categories of plan assets.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Long-term trends are evaluated relative to market factors such as inflation
 interest rates and fiscal and monetary polices in order to assess the capital market assumptions. Over the 5-year period ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the average rate of return on plan assets was approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;4.01%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;1.40%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; percent
 respectively. Actual results that differ from our assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future periods and
 therefore
 affect expense in future periods.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pension plan assets may be invested in cash and cash equivalents
 equities
 debt securities
 insurance contracts and real estate. Our investment policy for the pension plans is to balance risk and return through a diversified portfolio of high-quality equity and fixed income securities. Equity targets for the pension plans are as indicated in the following table. Maturity for fixed income securities is managed such that sufficient liquidity exists to meet near-term benefit payment obligations. The plans retain outside investment advisors to manage plan investments within parameters established by our plan trustees.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table presents the fair value of our qualified pension plan assets by major asset category as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The allocation of our pension plan assets is based on the target range presented in the following table.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=65% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Target&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Range&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Asset category:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;text-indent:-24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents
 net of unsettled transactions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;45.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:12px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0-4%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;411.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;427.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:12px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30-50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Debt securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;555.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;495.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:12px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35-55%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Alternative assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;98.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;76.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:12px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5-20%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
110.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
023.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;See Note &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;Fair Value Measurements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for additional information about the fair value of our pension assets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the amount of our common stock included in plan assets was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2
054
344&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;4
154
344&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares
 respectively
 with market values of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$53.3&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$88.2&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We generally contribute the minimum amount required under government regulations to our qualified pension plans
 plus amounts necessary to maintain an &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;80%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; funded status in order to avoid benefit restrictions under the Pension Protection Act.  Minimum employer contributions to our qualified pension plans are expected to be&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$51.6&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Expected future benefit payments for our defined benefit pension plans are as follows:&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=32% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=56% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;73.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;77.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;81.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;86.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;91.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019-2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;520.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Multiemployer Defined Benefit Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In addition to our Company sponsored defined benefit pension plans
 we contribute to several multiemployer defined benefit pension plans under collective bargaining agreements that cover certain of our union-represented employees. The risks of participating in such plans are different from the risks of single-employer plans

 the unfunded obligation of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:16px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#9642;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;If we were to withdraw from a multiemployer plan

 as required under the IRC
&lt;div style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;font-weight:bold;text-decoration:none;&gt;EQUITY&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Share Repurchase Program&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In June 2012 (fiscal 2013), we announced that our board of directors had approved a new share repurchase program authorizing us to buy up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$250.0&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of our common stock over the subsequent &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;24 months&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in addition to the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$250.0&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; authorized during fiscal 2012 (Share Repurchase Program). In July 2012 (fiscal 2013), our board of directors approved an increase of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$100.0&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to the authorized amount under the Share Repurchase Program. Share repurchases may be made on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The number of shares repurchased, and the timing of any buybacks, will depend on our corporate cash balances, business and economic conditions, and other factors, including investment opportunities. The program may be discontinued at any time. The Merger Agreement, as defined in Note &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;Subsequent Events&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 generally prohibits the Company from repurchasing any of its shares prior to the completion of the Merger&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we repurchased &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;19
068
079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of our common stock for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$386.4&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 including related fees. The price of the repurchased shares has been allocated among common stock
 additional paid-in capital and retained earnings in our consolidated condensed balance sheet in accordance with applicable accounting guidance. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Since the inception of the Share Repurchase Program in June 2011 (fiscal 2012) and through &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we have repurchased &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;28
244
783&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of our common stock for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$575.9&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 including related commissions
 at an average price of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$20.38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Preferred Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;1
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; par value preferred stock authorized
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;none&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of which are issued. The board of directors is authorized to issue preferred stock in series and to fix
 by resolution
 the designation
 dividend rate
 redemption provisions
 liquidation rights
 sinking fund provisions
 conversion rights and voting rights of each series of preferred stock.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Under the terms of the merger agreement with Shuanghui
 which is further described in Note &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;Subsequent Events&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 immediately prior to the merger
 the maximum number of shares underlying all then-outstanding stock-based compensation awards
 whether vested or unvested
 will be surrendered in exchange for the right to receive cash of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$34.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per share
 less the exercise price of such awards
 if any. The disclosures that follow surrounding stock-based compensation are provided without regard to the possibility of such merger occurring.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During fiscal 2009
 we adopted the 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan (the Incentive Plan)
 which replaced the 1998 Stock Incentive Plan and provides for the issuance of non-statutory stock options and other awards to employees
 non-employee directors and consultants. There are &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;font-style:normal;font-weight:normal;text-decoration:none;&gt;12
583
397&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares reserved under the Incentive Plan. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 there were&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;7
140
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares available for grant under this plan.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Stock Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Under the Incentive Plan
 we grant options for periods not exceeding 10 years
 which either cliff vest five years after the date of grant or vest ratably over a three-year period with an exercise price of not less than 100% of the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant. Compensation expense for stock options was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$4.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$6.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$3.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. The related income tax benefits recognized were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$2.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.5&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. There was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; compensation expense capitalized as part of inventory or fixed assets during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The expected annual volatility is based on the historical volatility of our stock and other factors. We use historical data to estimate option exercises and employee termination within the pricing model. The expected term of options granted represents the period of time that options are expected to be outstanding. The following table summarizes the assumptions made in determining the fair value of stock options granted in the fiscal years indicated:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=10 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=64% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fiscal Years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Expected annual volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Dividend yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Risk free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Expected option life (years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The options granted in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; were valued in separate tranches according to the expected life of each tranche. The above table reflects the weighted average risk free interest rate and expected option life of each tranche. The expected dividend yield was the same for all options granted in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. We have never paid a cash dividend on our common stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes stock option activity under the Incentive Plan as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and changes during the fiscal year then ended:&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=14 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=52% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Number of Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (Years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Aggregate Intrinsic Value &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding as of April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
826
616&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21.82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;370
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(279
578&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(18
885&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19.83&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(40
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding as of April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
858
153&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Exercisable as of April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
621
324&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23.58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The weighted average grant-date fair value of options granted during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$8.92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$9.36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$6.61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$2.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$0.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$0.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 there was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$2.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested stock options granted under the Incentive Plan. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;1.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years. The total fair value of stock options vested during &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$7.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$5.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Performance Share Units&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Incentive Plan also provides for the issuance of performance share units (PSU) to reward employees for the achievement of performance goals. We grant PSUs that contain performance conditions
 which require the achievement of specified financial and/or operational performance metrics. We also grant PSUs that contain market conditions
 which require the achievement of certain stock price targets or the achievement of specified levels of shareholder return relative to other companies in our industry. PSUs generally vest over a required employee service period
 which typically ranges from one to five years and closely matches the performance period. Each performance share unit represents and has a value equal to one share of our common stock. Payment of vested performance share units is generally in our common stock. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;PSUs containing performance conditions are generally measured at fair value as if they were vested and issued on the grant date. The fair value of PSUs containing market conditions is estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model
 which simulates a range of possible future stock prices after incorporating assumptions about risk free rates
 volatility and other relevant assumptions pertinent to the specific awards. The grant date fair value of performance share units is recognized as compensation expense over the requisite employee service period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes performance share unit activity under the Incentive Plan as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and changes during the fiscal year then ended. The number of awards granted and outstanding reflects the maximum number of share units that may vest under the awards.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=85% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Number of Share Units&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding as of April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;908
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;920
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Vested and issued&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(564
433&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(51
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding as of April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
212
567&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The weighted average grant date fair value for PSUs granted in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$21.03&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$20.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$17.57&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per share unit
 respectively. The total intrinsic value of PSUs converted into shares of our common stock and issued in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$10.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$15.2&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. No PSUs were converted into shares of our common stock in fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Compensation expense for performance share units was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$8.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$8.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$7.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. The related income tax benefits recognized were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$3.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$3.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$2.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 there was approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$6.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of total unrecognized compensation cost related to the performance share units
 which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Executive Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As part of the Incentive Plan
 we maintain a nonqualified deferred compensation plan that permits executive officers to voluntarily defer up to 25% of the payouts under their annual cash incentive awards in exchange for a performance award payable in the form of Company stock at such time in the future as elected by the officers
 but not less than three years from the end of the performance period. The Company will provide a 100% match to the officers' deferral in the form of restricted stock under the Incentive Plan. The match is subject to three-year cliff vesting and will be forfeited if the officer voluntarily terminates employment before vesting. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The fair value of these restricted stock awards is generally measured as if they were vested and issued on the grant date. We granted a total of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;450
793&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; restricted stock units in fiscal 2013
 including the company match
 of which &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;250
575&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; are fully vested. All of these units were outstanding as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. There were no restricted stock units outstanding as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. We recognized compensation expense of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$3.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$4.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in fiscal 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 related to restricted stock awards under the ESPP.  For awards granted under the ESPP through the date of this filing
 we expect to recognize an additional &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$5.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of compensation expense over a weighted average period of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Call Spread Transactions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In connection with the issuance of the Convertible Notes (see Note&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;Debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)
 we entered into separate convertible note hedge transactions with respect to our common stock to minimize the impact of potential economic dilution upon conversion of the Convertible Notes
 and separate warrant transactions.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We purchased call options in private transactions that permit us to acquire up to approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;17.6&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of our common stock at an initial strike price of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$22.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per share
 subject to adjustment
 for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$88.2&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. In general
 the call options allow us to acquire a number of shares of our common stock initially equal to the number of shares of common stock issuable to the holders of the Convertible Notes upon conversion. These call options will terminate upon the maturity of the Convertible Notes.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We also sold warrants in private transactions for total proceeds of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$36.7&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The warrants permit the purchasers to acquire up to approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;17.6&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of our common stock at an initial exercise price of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$30.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per share
 subject to adjustment. The warrants expire on various dates from October 2013 (fiscal 2014) to December 2013 (fiscal 2014).&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Call Spread Transactions
 in effect
 increase the initial conversion price of the Convertible Notes from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$22.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per share to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$30.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per share
&amp;#160;thus reducing the potential future economic dilution associated with conversion of the notes. The Convertible Notes and the warrants could have a dilutive effect on our earnings per share to the extent that the price of our common stock during a given measurement period exceeds the respective exercise prices of those instruments. The call options are excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share as their impact is anti-dilutive.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have analyzed the Call Spread Transactions and determined that they meet the criteria for classification as equity instruments. As a result
 we recorded the purchase of the call options as a reduction&amp;#160;to additional paid-in capital and the proceeds of the warrants as an increase to additional paid-in capital. Subsequent changes in fair value of those instruments are not recognized in the financial statements as long as the instruments continue to meet the criteria for equity classification.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Stock Held in Trust&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We maintain a non-qualified defined Supplemental Pension Plan (the Supplemental Plan) the purpose of which is to provide supplemental retirement income benefits for those eligible employees whose benefits under the tax-qualified plans are subject to statutory limitations. A grantor trust has been established for the purpose of satisfying the obligations under the plan.&amp;#160;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the Supplemental Plan held &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2
616
687&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of our common stock at an average cost of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$23.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As part of the Incentive Plan director fee deferral program
 we purchase shares of our common stock on the open market for the benefit of the plan's participants. These shares are held in a rabbi trust until they are transferred to the participants. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the rabbi trust held &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;330
180&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of our common stock at an average cost of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$20.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income consists of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=74% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;29

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2013
 we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) with Shuanghui International Holdings Limited
 a corporation formed under the laws of the Cayman Islands (Shuanghui) and Sun Merger Sub
 Inc.
 a Virginia corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Shuanghui (Merger Sub and
 together with Shuanghui
 the Parent Parties)
 pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company (the Merger)
 with the Company surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Shuanghui. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Shuanghui is the majority shareholder of Henan Shuanghui Investment &amp;amp; Development Co.
 which is China's largest meat processing enterprise and China's largest publicly traded meat products company as measured by market capitalization.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Under the terms of the Merger Agreement
 which has been unanimously approved by the boards of directors of both companies
 Shuanghui will acquire all of the outstanding shares of Smithfield for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$34.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per share in cash. Upon completion of the Merger
 all then-outstanding stock-based compensation awards
 whether vested or unvested
 will be converted into the right to receive cash of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$34.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per share (without interest)
 less the exercise price of such awards
 if any. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights for the Company and Shuanghui. Upon termination of the Merger Agreement under specified customary circumstances
 the Company will be required to pay Shuanghui a termination fee. If the Merger Agreement is terminated in connection with the Company entering into an alternative acquisition agreement in respect of a superior proposal or making a change of recommendation
 or in certain other customary circumstances
 the termination fee payable by the Company to Shuanghui will be &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$175.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Under specified circumstances
 if the Company enters into a definitive agreement with a Qualified Pre-Existing Bidder with respect to an alternative acquisition proposal on or before June 27
 2013
 the amount of the termination fee will instead be reduced to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$75.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The Merger Agreement also provides that Shuanghui will be required to pay the Company a reverse termination fee of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$275.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; (which is not exclusive in the case of a willful breach) if the Merger Agreement is terminated under certain circumstances in connection with a willful breach by Shuanghui
 termination primarily caused by the failure to obtain required U.S. or foreign antitrust or other regulatory approvals (other than CFIUS)
 or termination as a result of the failure by Shuanghui to receive the proceeds of its committed debt financing and consummate the Merger. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Merger will be financed through a combination of cash provided by Shuanghui&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 rollover of certain existing Company debt
 as well as debt financing which has been committed by Morgan Stanley Senior &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Funding
 Inc. and a syndicate of banks. The Merger Agreement does not contain a financing condition. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The closing of the Merger is subject to certain conditions
 including
 among others
 approval by our shareholders
 the receipt of approval under applicable U.S. and specified foreign antitrust and anti-competition laws
 and if review by CFIUS has concluded
 the absence of any action by the President of the United States to block or prevent the consummation of the Merger and other customary closing conditions.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Merger is expected to close in the second half of calendar 2013. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Kansas City Sausage
 LLC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In May 2013 (fiscal 2014)
 we acquired a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; interest in Kansas City Sausage Company
 LLC (KCS)
 for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$35.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in cash
 subject to a customary post-closing adjustment for differences between working capital at closing and an agreed-upon target. Upon closing
 in addition to the cash purchase price
 we advanced &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$10.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to the seller in exchange for a promissory note
 which is secured by the remaining membership interests in KCS held by the seller.  Additionally
 we entered into a revolving loan agreement with KCS
 under which we agreed to make loans from time to time up to an aggregate principal amount of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$20.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The aggregate amount of any obligations incurred under the revolving loan agreement is secured by a first priority security interest in all of the assets of KCS.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;KCS is a leading U.S.sausage producer and sow processor. We intend to merge KCS's low-cost
 efficient operations and high-quality products with our strong brands and sales and marketing team to continue to grow our packaged meats business. The venture will operate in Des Moines
 Iowa and Kansas City
 Missouri. In Des Moines
 the venture will produce premium raw materials for sausage
 as well as value-added products
 including boneless hams and hides. The Kansas City plant is a modern sausage processing facility in the U.S. and is designed for optimum efficiency to provide retail and foodservice customers with high quality products. With our strong ongoing focus on building our packaged meats business
 and with &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;15%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the U.S. sow population

  
  

 including the length of time the receivables are past due
 the financial health of the customer and historical experience. Based on our evaluation
 we record reserves to reduce the related receivables to amounts we reasonably believe are collectible. Our reserve for uncollectible accounts receivable was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$14.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$16.0&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;29

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 including the current portion of long-term debt as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=17 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=52% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Carrying Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fair&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Carrying Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total Debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
732.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
479.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
176.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Lease Obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We lease facilities and equipment under non-cancelable operating leases. The terms of each lease agreement vary and may contain renewal or purchase options. Rental payments under operating leases are charged to expense on the straight-line basis over the period of the lease. Rental expense under operating leases of real estate
 machinery
 vehicles and other equipment was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$47.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$46.5 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$42.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Future rental commitments under non-cancelable operating leases as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; are as follows:&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=32% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=56% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;41.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;166.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 future minimum lease payments under capital leases were approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$26.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The present value of the future minimum lease payments was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$26.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The long-term portion of capital lease obligations was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$25.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$26.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 and the current portion was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$1.0&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Commitments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have agreements
 expiring through &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 to use cold storage warehouses owned by partnerships
 of which we are 50% partners. We have agreed to pay prevailing competitive rates for use of the facilities
 subject to aggregate guaranteed minimum annual fees. In &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we paid &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$16.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$14.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$18.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 in fees for use of the facilities. We had investments in the partnerships of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$2.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$2.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have purchase commitments with certain livestock producers that obligate us to purchase all the livestock that these producers deliver. Other arrangements obligate us to purchase a fixed amount of livestock. We also use independent farmers and their facilities to raise hogs produced from our breeding stock in exchange for a performance-based service fee payable upon delivery. We estimate the future obligations under these commitments based on available commodity livestock futures prices and internal projections about future hog prices
 expected quantities delivered and anticipated performance. Our estimated future obligations under these commitments are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=32% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=56% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
829.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
325.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
081.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;929.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;911.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we were also committed to purchase approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$480.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; under forward grain contracts payable in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;fiscal 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$53.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of committed funds related to approved capital expenditure projects as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. These projects are expected to be funded with cash flows from operations and/or borrowings under credit facilities. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Guarantees&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As part of our business
 we are a party to various financial guarantees and other commitments as described below. These arrangements involve elements of performance and credit risk that are not included in the consolidated balance sheets as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. We could become liable in connection with these obligations depending on the performance of the guaranteed party or the occurrence of future events that we are unable to predict. If we consider it probable that we will become responsible for an obligation
 we will record the liability on our consolidated balance sheet.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we continue to guarantee &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$10.2&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of leases that were transferred to JBS S.A.&amp;#160;in connection with the sale of Smithfield Beef

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 expressed in euro per share
 on various dates relevant to our disclosures during the last 24 months.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=74% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Share Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Carrying Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;May 5
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8364;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8364;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.93&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;February 17
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8364;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8364;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April 29
 2012 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8364;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8364;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;April 28

 CFG's share price traded as high as &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;&amp;#8364;5.88&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; per share on &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;May&amp;#160;30

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 we are subject to various laws and regulations administered by federal
 state and other government entities
 including the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and corresponding state agencies
 as well as the United States Department of Agriculture
 the Grain Inspection
 Packers and Stockyard Administration
 the United States Food and Drug Administration
 the United States Occupational Safety and Health Administration
 the Commodities and Futures Trading Commission and similar agencies in foreign countries.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We from time to time receive notices and inquiries from regulatory authorities and others asserting that we are not in compliance with such laws and regulations. In some instances
 litigation ensues. In addition
 individuals may initiate litigation against us.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We have no material contingencies or uncertainties that could be expected to affect the fairness of presentation of our consolidated financial statements as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fire Insurance Settlement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In July 2009 (fiscal 2010)
 a fire occurred at the primary manufacturing facility of our subsidiary
 Patrick Cudahy
 Inc. (Patrick Cudahy)
 in Cudahy
 Wisconsin. The fire damaged a portion of the facility&amp;#8217;s production space and required the temporary cessation of operations
 but did not consume the entir&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;background-color:#ffffff;&gt;e&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; facility. Shortly after the fire
 we resumed production activities in undamaged portions of the plant
 including the distribution center
 and took steps to address the supply needs for Patrick Cudahy products by shifting production to other Company and third-party facilities. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We maintain comprehensive general liability and property insurance
 including business interruption insurance. In December 2010 (fiscal 2011)
 we reached an agreement with our insurance carriers to settle the claim for a total of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$208.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 of which &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$70.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; had been advanced to us in fiscal 2010. We allocated these proceeds to first recover the book value of the property lost
 out-of-pocket expenses incurred and business interruption losses that resulted from the fire. The remaining proceeds were recognized as an involuntary conversion gain of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$120.6&amp;#160;million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in the Corporate segment in the third quarter of fiscal 2011. The involuntary conversion gain was classified in a separate line item on the consolidated statement of income. We also recognized &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$15.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the insurance proceeds in fiscal 2011 in cost of sales in our Pork segment to offset business interruption losses incurred.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Of the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$138.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in insurance proceeds received in fiscal 2011 to settle the claim
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;$120.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was classified in net cash flows from investing activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=76% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;29


 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=33 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=30% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=5% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level&amp;#160;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level&amp;#160;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Level&amp;#160;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Equity&amp;#160;securities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Preferred stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. common stock:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Health care&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Financial services&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Retail and consumer products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;90.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;90.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;117.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;117.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Energy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Information technology&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Manufacturing and industrials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Telecommunications&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International common stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;104.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;104.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;103.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;103.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mutual funds:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;82.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;82.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Domestic small cap&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Domestic large cap&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Balanced&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;37.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:10px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fixed income:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mutual funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Asset-backed securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;92.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;92.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Emerging markets securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Corporate debt securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;366.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;366.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;285.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;285.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Government debt securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;130.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;130.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;106.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;106.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Alternative investments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Diversified investment funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;51.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;51.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Domestic options contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Futures contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Limited partnerships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;75.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;75.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Insurance contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:76px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total fair value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;339.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;724.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;41.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
105.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;358.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;585.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;76.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
021.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unsettled transactions
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:3px double #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:3px double #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:76px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
110.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1


 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in Years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Amortized intangible assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Customer relations assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15-16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Patents
 rights and leasehold interests&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5-25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Contractual relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;33.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;33.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(25.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(22.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Amortized intangible assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;44.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Non-amortized intangible assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Trademarks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Indefinite&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;339.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;340.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Permits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Indefinite&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Intangible assets


 expected quantities delivered and anticipated performance. Our estimated future obligations under these commitments are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=32% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=56% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
829.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
325.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1




 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;:&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=76% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;29






 feed
 feathers

  

464.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
536.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
433.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;564.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;583.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;423.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(71.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;46.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:20px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;29
 &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Balance sheet information:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;909.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;944.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Long-term assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
926.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
930.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;993.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;941.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Long-term liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
094.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1


 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fiscal year ended April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fiscal year ended May 1
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Reserve for obsolete inventory:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fiscal year ended April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fiscal year ended April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fiscal year ended May 1
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;17.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred tax valuation allowance:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fiscal year ended April 28
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;54.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(17.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;43.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fiscal year ended April 29
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;66.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(7.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(12.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;54.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fiscal year ended May 1


 property
 workers&amp;#8217; compensation

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  










































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        



 COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES Lease Obligations

        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        






















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    



























 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment




 Goodwill


















 Pensions





    
    
    


















































    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Shares Held in Employee Trust


 Shares Held in Employee Trust




 Shares Held in Employee Trust


 Shares Held in Employee Trust

    


    


    
    


    


    
    








    

 Net



    

 Net



    

 Net



    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    






    






    






    






    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


























    
    


    
    


    

 Net of Tax



    

 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment



    

 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Gain (Loss)



    

 Foreign Currency Translation Gain (Loss) Arising During Period



    

 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Adjustment



    

 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Adjustment



    

 Reclassification
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Net Gain (Loss) Recognized in Net Periodic Benefit Cost



    

 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans



    

 Derivatives Qualifying as Hedges



    

 Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Derivatives Arising During Period



    

 Reclassification Adjustment on Derivatives Included in Net Income



    

 Derivatives Qualifying as Hedges



    




    

 Net of Tax



    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


































































































    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    









 Measurements


 Measurements




 Inputs


 Inputs




 Inputs


 Inputs




 Inputs


 Inputs



    
    



 Fair Value of Plan Assets


 Fair Value of Plan Assets






 Fair Value of Plan Assets


 Fair Value of Plan Assets

    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




















    








    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Goods



    




    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Plant









    
    



 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    

 Future Minimum Payments Due



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    









 Collective-Bargaining Arrangement
 Expiration Date


 Collective-Bargaining Arrangement
 Expiration Date



    
    


    
    








    


    




    


    
    


    




    







 Net



    




    




    





 plant and equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    
    








    




    


    
    


    




    




    




    




    




    
    


    

 Liabilities



    




    




    
    


    




    
    



 $1.00 par value
 1
000


 Value




 $.50 par value
 500
000
000 authorized shares; 138
919
056 and 157
408


 Value



    




    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    


    
    














    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    










    
    


    
    


    










    










    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    










    




    




    




    




    




    

 Deductions



    


    


    




    




    


    
    


    



 Gain (Loss) by Hedging Relationship
 by Income Statement Location


 Gain (Loss) by Hedging Relationship
 by Income Statement Location



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    









 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Effective Portion


 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Effective Portion




 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income
 Effective Portion


 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income
 Effective Portion




 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income
 Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing


 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income
 Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing
















 by Balance Sheet Grouping


 by Balance Sheet Grouping










 Balance Sheet Grouping


 Balance Sheet Grouping









    
    


    
    


    
    














    
    
    


    
    
































    
    
    



 Per Share


 Per Share

    



 Per Share


 Per Share

    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Maximum Borrowing Capacity


 Maximum Borrowing Capacity


 Maximum Borrowing Capacity

















    
    



 Unused Capacity


 Unused Capacity





















    
    
    






































    
    


    
    


    
    









 Six Point Six Two Five Percent


 Six Point Six Two Five Percent


 Six Point Six Two Five Percent




 Ten Percent
 Due July 2014


 Ten Percent
 Due July 2014


 Ten Percent
 Due July 2014




 Ten Percent
 Due July 2014


 Ten Percent
 Due July 2014


 Ten Percent
 Due July 2014




 Seven Point Seven Five Percent


 Seven Point Seven Five Percent


 Seven Point Seven Five Percent




 Four Percent


 Four Percent


 Four Percent




 Seven Point Seven Five Percent


 Seven Point Seven Five Percent


 Seven Point Seven Five Percent



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Unamortized Discount (Premium)


 Unamortized Discount (Premium)



    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    














    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



























 Lessee Balance Sheet
 Assets by Major Class


 Lessee Balance Sheet
 Assets by Major Class



    
    


    
    



 Impaired


 Impaired



    
    






    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Seven Percent


 Seven Percent


 Seven Percent




 Ten Percent


 Ten Percent


 Ten Percent



    
    
















    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    



 Convertible


 Convertible





















    
    
    








    
    


    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    


    
    


    
    


    








    






    


    
    

 extraordinary items



    
    


    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    





 Stock Options


 Stock Options




 Stock Options


 Stock Options



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested


 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested




 Equity Instruments Other than Options


 Equity Instruments Other than Options




 Equity Instruments Other than Options


 Equity Instruments Other than Options




 Equity Instruments Other than Options


 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Product Category


 Product Category

    








    
    
    










    
    
    


    
    












    


    




    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    









 Balance Sheet Location


 Balance Sheet Location



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    









 Fair Value


 Fair Value




 Fair Value


 Fair Value









    
    








    
    


    
    
















    
    









 Cost of Acquired Entity


 Cost of Acquired Entity







    






    





















 Purchase Price Allocation
 Goodwill


 Purchase Price Allocation
 Goodwill



    
    


    
    


    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    

 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    
    


    
    








    
    








    
    


    
    
    



 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income


 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income



    
    


    
    














    
    



 Options
 Outstanding


 Options
 Outstanding




 Options
 Outstanding


 Options
 Outstanding




 Options
 Outstanding


 Options
 Outstanding




 Options
 Outstanding


 Options
 Outstanding




 Options
 Grants in Period


 Options
 Grants in Period




 Options
 Grants in Period


 Options
 Grants in Period






 Options




 Options
 Exercises in Period


 Options
 Exercises in Period




 Options


 Options




 Options
 Forfeitures in Period


 Options
 Forfeitures in Period




 Options


 Options




 Options
 Expirations in Period


 Options
 Expirations in Period




 Options
 Exercisable


 Options
 Exercisable




 Options
 Exercisable


 Options
 Exercisable




 Options
 Exercisable


 Options
 Exercisable




 Options
 Exercisable


 Options
 Exercisable



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
























    








    
    






    


    
    
    














    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    


    




    





 Fair Value Assumptions


 Fair Value Assumptions




 Fair Value Assumptions


 Fair Value Assumptions




 Fair Value Assumptions


 Fair Value Assumptions




 Fair Value Assumptions


 Fair Value Assumptions



    
    


    
    


    
    














    
    


    




    

 Allocation of Recognized Period Costs




 Options
 Grants in Period


 Options
 Grants in Period




 Options
 Exercises in Period


 Options
 Exercises in Period




 Nonvested Awards
 Total Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized


 Nonvested Awards
 Total Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized




 Nonvested Awards
 Total Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized


 Nonvested Awards
 Total Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized




 Options
 Vested in Period


 Options
 Vested in Period




 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period


 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period




 Nonvested Awards
 Total Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized


 Nonvested Awards
 Total Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized













    



 Estimated Future Compensation Costs


 Estimated Future Compensation Costs


 Estimated Future Compensation Costs



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    














    
    














    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    





















 Future Minimum Payments


 Future Minimum Payments















    
    

 as of the balance sheet date









    

 Purchase Price Allocation
 Current Assets






 Purchase Price Allocation
 Current Assets



    

 Purchase Price Allocation
 Current Assets




 plant and equipment


 Purchase Price Allocation
 Property






 Purchase Price Allocation



    

 Purchase Price Allocation



    

 Purchase Price Allocation



    

 Purchase Price Allocation
 Current Liabilities



    

 Purchase Price Allocation



    

 Purchase Price Allocation



    


    
    
    








    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    








    




    




    
    
    





 Plant



    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    

 Long-term Capital Lease Obligations



    
    

 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with maturities due beyond one year or the operating cycle
 if longer



    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    




    


    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
















    




    
    






    


    












    










    
    






    


    
    

















 Shares






 Shares



    
    


    
    


















    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    
    








    

 Plant and Equipment




 plant and equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    

 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant



    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost



    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation



    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost



    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost



    


    

 Including Discontinued Operations











    


    




    

 Supplies



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    






    
    
    






    






    


    
    
    






    


    
    















 Purchases
 Sales


 Purchases
 Sales



    
    
    



 Maturity Date


 Maturity Date













    








    




    


    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    



 Including Discontinued Operations


 Including Discontinued Operations




 Including Investment in Butterball


 Including Investment in Butterball


 Including Investment in Butterball















    






    






    








    
    





 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment






 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans






 Cumulative Changes in Net Gain (Loss) from Cash Flow Hedges



    








    
    









 Measurements


 Measurements










 Asset


 Asset


 Asset




 Asset


 Asset
























 Liability


 Liability


 Liability




 Liability


 Liability









    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
































    

 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net Gains (Losses)



    

 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net Prior Service Cost (Credit)



















    



















 as a percentage of projected benefit obligation























    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    












    


    
    


    
    
    










    
    


    
    


    
    
    














    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits






 Tax Credits





    

 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals



    

 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits



    










    




    




    
    





 Property



    




    




    


    






    


    




    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    










    
    


    
    
    


    






    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Collateral


 Collateral




 Collateral


 Collateral











    
    


    
    
    


    
    










    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Convertible


 Convertible




 Convertible


 Convertible


 Convertible




 Convertible


 Convertible

    



 Convertible


 Convertible



























































    
    
































































    
    


    
    
    



 Summarized Financial Information


 Summarized Financial Information




 Summarized Financial Information


 Summarized Financial Information




 Summarized Financial Information


 Summarized Financial Information




 Summarized Financial Information


 Summarized Financial Information




 Summarized Financial Information


 Summarized Financial Information




 Summarized Financial Information


 Summarized Financial Information




 Summarized Financial Information


 Summarized Financial Information



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    











 Value






 Shares



    

 Share-based Compensation



    
    
    


    




    




    
    








    






    


    





 Deferred Tax Asset


 Deferred Tax Asset



    
    














    
    



































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 smithfieldlogo.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_X0!F17AI9@``24DJ``@````$`!H!!0`!
M````/@```!L!!0`!````1@```@!`P`!`````@```#$!`@`0````3@``````
M``!@`````0```&`````!````4&%I;G0N3D54('8T+C`P`/_;`$,``@$!`0$!
M`@$!`0(`@(!`,`@(!00$`P0&!08&!@4&!@8'0@&!PD'!@8(P@)@H*
M@H&`L

M``
!(@`$0$#$0'_Q``?```!!0$!`0$!`0```````````0(#!`4&!P@)@O_
MQ`U$```0
#`@0#!04$!````7T!`@
`!!$%$B$Q008346$'(G$4
H&1H0@C
+CY.7FY^CIZO'R\_3U]O?X
M^?K_Q``?`0`#`0$!`0$!`0$!`````````0(#!`4&!P@)@O_Q`U$0``0($
M!`




MZMK7Q'^'OANVM;SQ%X[T;3X;Z


M

V0B


V/XE#V'2OUU_P"&G_!?KX6_P#!
M7?1]4^&OBOP5!X(^+/ANP%[JOAN]



MIWPLTS598O`G@6WN6CM(;1&*Q75Q&#B:ZD4!V=\E2Q1

MUCP1?3/'!K.EW%C-)']Y4EC:

M9'MY&MH^(V*!XVX5]^?1_P!D/_@O?_P58_8C\$:=\+O@A^U1?MX5TB(0Z9X;


)-9OJ-I<VH$DMM+


^GG7)[J`P
MQVD




EQI]O;FSTJWU*Z



M\CM^SE_V?$__HW3*_*#_@G?^W;^VM^P]X\UV?\`8(U2ZMO&7CG0QHUT]AX9
MCU.\\A9EFVVT3I*Y





TZV]C



MS/L\:%5C?RSDMES^7/\`P:S?\$_OVW/#?_!5_1?C7XK^!GC#P?X5\`:7J\?C
M#4/$FA7&GQR//8S6T=B/.1?
E\Z6.0H
E5B+'&!GU#]O3_@MC_P5!^$G_!)W
M]C/]HOX=?M3W^F^

G\=:U'X=TQVU1K+4X8;8M&]L8X]D;
H\M5SG)R

MC7+X+_9Z^
S2*YO/!
M7QBLSJ$5];


``?Q:$%2

MJ?#C]IWQ+HR:OJ[_``U\-:3X-\/O-Y8U/5IM+B

/B!X^M=/\*Z^FN6DKW=P=
M-5@IMXY3-'Q:3G+HH^3KR

M_@MI\-\_]`'Q#_Z:+JOZWJ_DA_X-0?\`E-I\-_\`L`^(?_31=5_6]0`5^(O_
+=<^!/[</[('C_P`8ZMX-UB]T5M8C\(VL5W:2V\[Q
M2BVO8=0BN$C+H2`&MP2O:OVZK^,7]L[_@FA_P`%%_$_[8/Q7\2^&_V_C)J
M&G:A\2==N;_LOAGJDL-S#)J$[I(CK`0Z,I!#`D$$$4`?K1\'?\`@U__`.

M8P7



L=NJM;V[Z5?EHD('



MM'QW

.`64?\3;YAGD=N:TO^#K[_`()7?MH_M2^/?A9^UM^SA\&]

M)[]@K_@I?\'_`/@I!\#_`!7K'['?QM\








5G'_
M`

8L/`4YL0EH@%N6G
MB)*8'R9/7&

M/]CWP3\5?$6CZD/$4/CW1OASI^HW5M=0D::;=+^*S#*ZY$Q02@CA\=Z_!W1?
M^9__!4GPWK-IXB\._L%?':PUPN8[FQOK/X9ZQ%-;S(P9)$=8`4=6`(8$$$




*6UN5#<JZ%MN3M89.0#

D$L@D*
MR[M2D+[6!*\C&]O6ON7_`(-A/V`OV_\`_@GW\)_VA?`O[9GP+U#P7I7B*RTR

L/



$&??8]QCVW5^49_X);?\%


!=*_


78\+::+_P`SSQ80^=YV=^_8

#.&(ZS_`(.
M?V:_^A7[6_[#*_`[_@GE)9IK=_XFM;KQ1GQ


%**`/_]D_
`
end











    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


Multiemployer Plan
 Period Contributions
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Multiemployer Plans
 Certified Zone Status
        
        
        


Multiemployer Plans
 Collective-Bargaining Arrangement
 Expiration Date
 Description
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Multiemployer Plan
 Period Contributions
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Multiemployer Plans
 Certified Zone Status
        
        
        


Multiemployer Plans
 Collective-Bargaining Arrangement
 Expiration Date
 Description
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Multiemployer Plan
 Period Contributions
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Multiemployer Plans
 Certified Zone Status
        
        
        


Multiemployer Plans
 Collective-Bargaining Arrangement
 Expiration Date
 Description
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Multiemployer Plan
 Period Contributions
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN)
 is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 orange (seriously endangered)
 yellow (endangered)
 and green (none of the above). The acceptable values are red
 orange
 yellow
 green
 other
 and NA.  A multiemployer plan is a pension or postretirement benefit plan to which two or more unrelated employers contribute where assets contributed by one participating employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
        
        


Tax credits
 carryforwards and net operating losses
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Deferred Tax Assets
 Gross
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Investment in Subsidiaries
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 carryforwards and net operating losses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which can only be deducted for tax purposes when actual costs are incurred
 and which can only be realized if sufficient tax-basis income is generated in future periods to enable the deduction to be taken.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment.
              
 -Subparagraph d
 e
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Increases Resulting from Current Period Tax Positions
        
        
        


Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Decreases Resulting from Prior Period Tax Positions
        
        
        


Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Increases Resulting from Prior Period Tax Positions
        
        
        


Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Decreases Resulting from Settlements with Taxing Authorities
        
        
        


Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Reductions Resulting from Lapse of Applicable Statute of Limitations
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding amounts pertaining to examined tax returns.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding amounts pertaining to examined tax returns.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding amounts pertaining to examined tax returns.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

320.7

583.3

225.8

091.3

209.2

478.3

312.6

094.2

221.1

094.3

202.7


        

164.6
        
        
        

123.2
        
        
        

164.6

123.2

273.9



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

789.7

663.9

900.2


        

032.9
        
        
        

969.1
        
        
        

032.9

969.1

905.7



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

431.4

430.4

302.5


        

131.7
        
        
        

154.1
        
        
        

131.7

154.1

368.2




        
          

        
          
            

 long-term customer relationships of a financial institution
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred tax assets.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

EQUITY Schedule of Nonvested Performance Share Units (Details) (Incentive Compensation Plan [Member]
 Performance Shares [Member])

        
        

      











          

        
        


        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested
 Number

212
567

000


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period

000
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period

433)
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeited in Period

000)
        




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified











Fair Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]
        
        


Long-term Debt
 Fair Value

732.9

176.5


        

479.1

937.3




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The following table presents a reconciliation of the pension benefit obligation
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 2012
 respectively. We made 
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 2012
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
We use an independent third-party actuary to assist in the determination of assumptions used and the measurement of our pension obligation and related costs. We review and select the discount rate to be used in connection with our pension obligation annually. In determining the discount rate
 we use the yield on corporate bonds (rated AA or better) that coincides with the cash flows of the plans&#8217; estimated benefit payouts. The model uses a yield curve approach to discount each cash flow of the liability stream at an interest rate specifically applicable to the timing of each respective cash flow. Using imputed interest rates
To determine the expected long-term return on plan assets
 we consider the current and anticipated asset allocations
 as well as historical and estimated returns on various categories of plan assets.&#160;&#160;Long-term trends are evaluated relative to market factors such as inflation
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 2012
 percent
 respectively. Actual results that differ from our assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future periods and
 therefore
Pension plan assets may be invested in cash and cash equivalents
 equities
 debt securities
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
Cash and cash equivalents
1
1
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 2012
2
054
4
154
 shares
 respectively
 with market values of 
We generally contribute the minimum amount required under government regulations to our qualified pension plans
In addition to our Company sponsored defined benefit pension plans
 we contribute to several multiemployer defined benefit pension plans under collective bargaining agreements that cover certain of our union-represented employees. The risks of participating in such plans are different from the risks of single-employer plans
If a participating employer ceases to contribute to a multiemployer plan
If we were to withdraw from a multiemployer plan
&#8212;Plan has been determined to be in &#8220;endangered status&#8221; and is generally less than 80% funded. A funding improvement plan
 as required under the IRC

 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesMass'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesMass'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesMass'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesMass'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesMass'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesMass'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesMass'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesMass'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesMass'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesMass'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesMonetary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesMonetary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesMonetary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesMonetary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityRedemptionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockHeldInTrust'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfTangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock'

height=650
status=0
resizable=yes
menubar=no
toolbar=no
'+
				\n+'            formatted: <a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=opener.Show.toggle( window

height=650
status=0
resizable=yes
menubar=no
toolbar=no

 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityPurchasePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_BusinessAcquisitonAdvanceToSeller'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_BusinessAcqusitionRevolvingLoanWithAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_CompanysPercentageOfUSSowPopulation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_TotalAnnualUSIndustrySalesBreakfastAndDinnerSausage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacityPriorToRefinancing'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_LineOfCreditFacilityOptionToIncreaseMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCovenantTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_AccountsReceivableHeldBySpv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAmountOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAverageOutstandingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumAmountOutstandingDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateAtPeriodEnd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'

 generally prohibits the Company from repurchasing any of its shares prior to the completion of the Merger
19
068
079
 including related fees. The price of the repurchased shares has been allocated among common stock
April&#160;28
 2013
28
244
783
 including related commissions
1
000
 par value preferred stock authorized
 of which are issued. The board of directors is authorized to issue preferred stock in series and to fix
 by resolution
 the designation
 dividend rate
 redemption provisions
 liquidation rights
 sinking fund provisions
Under the terms of the merger agreement with Shuanghui
 which is further described in Note 
 immediately prior to the merger
 the maximum number of shares underlying all then-outstanding stock-based compensation awards
 whether vested or unvested
 per share
 less the exercise price of such awards
During fiscal 2009
 we adopted the 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan (the Incentive Plan)
 which replaced the 1998 Stock Incentive Plan and provides for the issuance of non-statutory stock options and other awards to employees
12
583
April&#160;28
 2013
7
140
Under the Incentive Plan
 we grant options for periods not exceeding 10 years
 which either cliff vest five years after the date of grant or vest ratably over a three-year period with an exercise price of not less than 100% of the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant. Compensation expense for stock options was 
 
 
 respectively. The related income tax benefits recognized were 
 
 for 
 
 respectively. There was 
 
 
April&#160;28
 2013
Outstanding as of April 29
2
826
370
(279
(18
(40
Outstanding as of April 28
2
858
Exercisable as of April 28
1
621
324
 
 
 respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during 
 
 
April&#160;28
 2013
 there was 
 
 
The Incentive Plan also provides for the issuance of performance share units (PSU) to reward employees for the achievement of performance goals. We grant PSUs that contain performance conditions
 which require the achievement of specified financial and/or operational performance metrics. We also grant PSUs that contain market conditions
 which require the achievement of certain stock price targets or the achievement of specified levels of shareholder return relative to other companies in our industry. PSUs generally vest over a required employee service period
PSUs containing performance conditions are generally measured at fair value as if they were vested and issued on the grant date. The fair value of PSUs containing market conditions is estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation model
 which simulates a range of possible future stock prices after incorporating assumptions about risk free rates
April&#160;28
 2013
Outstanding as of April 29
908
920
(564
(51
Outstanding as of April 28
1
212
567
 
 per share unit
 respectively. The total intrinsic value of PSUs converted into shares of our common stock and issued in 
 respectively. No PSUs were converted into shares of our common stock in fiscal 
 
 
 respectively. The related income tax benefits recognized were 
 
 
April&#160;28
 2013
 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to the performance share units
As part of the Incentive Plan
 we maintain a nonqualified deferred compensation plan that permits executive officers to voluntarily defer up to 25% of the payouts under their annual cash incentive awards in exchange for a performance award payable in the form of Company stock at such time in the future as elected by the officers
450
 restricted stock units in fiscal 2013
 including the company match
250
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 in fiscal 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 related to restricted stock awards under the ESPP.  For awards granted under the ESPP through the date of this filing
)
 we entered into separate convertible note hedge transactions with respect to our common stock to minimize the impact of potential economic dilution upon conversion of the Convertible Notes
 per share
 subject to adjustment
. In general
 per share
The Call Spread Transactions
 in effect
 per share
We have analyzed the Call Spread Transactions and determined that they meet the criteria for classification as equity instruments. As a result
April&#160;28
 2013
2
616
As part of the Incentive Plan director fee deferral program
April&#160;28
 2013
330
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 if any
 including other comprehensive income (as applicable).  Including
 but not limited to: (1) balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings; (2) accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and total amount of comprehensive income; (3) amount and nature of changes in separate accounts
 including the number of shares authorized and outstanding
 number of shares issued upon exercise and conversion
 and for other comprehensive income
 the adjustments for reclassifications to net income; (4) rights and privileges of each class of stock authorized; (5) basis of treasury stock
 if other than cost
 and amounts paid and accounting treatment for treasury stock purchased significantly in excess of market; (6) dividends paid or payable per share and in the aggregate for each class of stock for each period presented; (7) dividend restrictions and accumulated preferred dividends in arrears (in aggregate and per share amount); (8) retained earnings appropriations or restrictions
 such as dividend restrictions; (9) impact of change in accounting principle
 initial adoption of new accounting principle and correction of an error in previously issued financial statements; (10) shares held in trust for Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP); (11) deferred compensation related to issuance of capital stock; (12) note received for issuance of stock; (13) unamortized discount on shares; (14) description
 terms
 and number of warrants or rights outstanding; (15) shares under subscription and subscription receivables
 effective date of new retained earnings after quasi-reorganization and deficit eliminated by quasi-reorganization and
 for a period of at least ten years after the effective date
 the point in time from which the new retained dates; and (16) retroactive effective of subsequent change in capital structure.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        

      














 2012

          



 2012

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2013

          



Equity
 Class of Treasury Stock [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock Repurchase Program
 Authorized Amount
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock Repurchase Program
 Period in Force
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock Repurchase Program
 Increase to Authorized Amount
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock repurchased
 shares
        
        
        
        
        

068
079
        

244
783


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock Repurchased During Period
 Average Price Per Share
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

ACQUISITIONS Narrative (Details) (American Skin Food Group
 LLC [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      






        
        


Business Acquisition
 Percentage of Voting Interests Acquired
        


Business Acquisition
 Cost of Acquired Entity
 Purchase Price
        


Business Acquisition
 Projected Future Increase in Revenue of Acquired Entity
        


Business Acquisition
 Projected Future Increase in Net Income for the Acquired Entity
        


Business Acquisition
 Purchase Price Allocation
 Goodwill
 Expected Tax Deductible Amount
        



          

        


        
        


Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Asset
 Amount
        


Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life
        



          

        


        
        


Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Asset
 Amount
        


Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life
        



          

        


        
        


Acquired Indefinite-lived Intangible Asset
 Amount
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 either by their nature or by their use in the operations of a company.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 during the period
 either individually or as part of a group of assets (in either an asset acquisition or business combination).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 fair value of debt and equity securities issued to shareholders of acquired entities
 the fair value of the liabilities assumed
 and direct costs of the acquisition.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

PENSION AND OTHER RETIREMENT PLANS Schedule of Pension Benefit Obligation
 Plan Assets and Funded Status (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

813.2

610.6

329.9


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

110.6

023.5
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        






        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        






        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

110.6

023.5
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 adjusted for contributions and payments of benefits during the period
 and after adjusting for taxes and other expenses
 as applicable.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or from a change in benefit obligation or plan asset value from changes in actuarial assumptions
 for example
 but not limited to
 interest
 mortality
 employee turnover or salary scale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Funded Status of Plan
 Total.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value as of a date of all benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered prior to that date.  2) For other postretirement defined benefit plans
 the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value of benefits attributed to employee service rendered to a particular date.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including pension benefits
 death benefits
 and benefits due on termination of employment. Also includes payments made under a postretirement benefit plan
 including prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services. This item represents a periodic decrease to the plan obligations and a decrease to plan assets.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
 those non-benefit obligations may be considered as reductions of plan assets.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Amounts Recognized in Balance Sheet
 Total.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 not otherwise separately disclosed in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the amount recognized in balance sheet as a current liability associated with an underfunded defined benefit plan.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        

      


 2012

          



 2012

          



 2013

          



 2013



          



 2013



          



 2013



          



 2013



          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Equity Method Investment
 Shares Owned
        
        

811
302
        
        
        
        


Equity Method Investment
 Ownership Percentage
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Market Price of Equity Method Invesment
 Per Share
 in Euro
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Market Price of Equity Method Investment
 Per Share
 in USD
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Shares Owned
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Schedule of Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis [Table Text Block]
The following tables set forth
 by level within the fair value hierarchy
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 2012


Schedule of Fair Value
 Pension Plan Asset [Table Text Block]
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
1
1
Unsettled transactions
1
1
023.5


        
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
Balance
 May 1
Purchases
 sales and settlements
Balance
 April 29
Purchases
 sales and settlements
Balance
 April 28
 2013


        
The following table presents the fair value and carrying value of long-term debt
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
2
2
2
1
937.3




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Pension Plan Asset [Table Text Block]
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Consolidation
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all wholly-owned subsidiaries
 as well as all majority-owned subsidiaries and other entities for which we have a controlling interest. Entities that are 50% owned or less are accounted for under the equity method when we have the ability to exercise significant influence. We use the cost method of accounting for investments in which our ability to exercise significant influence is limited. All intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated. Consolidating the results of operations and financial position of variable interest entities for which we are the primary beneficiary does not have a material effect on sales
 net income
 or net income per diluted share
Foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars using the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. Results of operations and cash flows in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars using the average exchange rate over the course of the fiscal year. The effect of exchange rate fluctuations on the translation of assets and liabilities is included as a component of shareholders&#8217; equity in accumulated other comprehensive loss and included in other comprehensive income for each period. Gains and losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses as incurred. We recorded net&#160;gains on foreign currency transactions of 
Our Polish operations have different fiscal period end dates. As such
The consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S.
 which require us to make estimates and use assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&#160;


Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
        


Trade and Other Accounts Receivable
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
Accounts receivable are recorded net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. We regularly evaluate the collectibility of our accounts receivable based on a variety of factors
 including the length of time the receivables are past due
 the financial health of the customer and historical experience. Based on our evaluation
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 2012
 respectively.


Inventory
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
1
2
2
Livestock are generally valued at the lower of first-in
 first-out cost or market
 adjusted for changes in the fair value of livestock that are hedged. Costs include purchase costs
 feed
 medications
 contract grower fees and other production expenses. Fresh and packaged meats are valued based on USDA and other market prices and adjusted for the cost of further processing. Costs for fresh and packaged meats include meat
 labor
 supplies and overhead. Average costing is primarily utilized to account for fresh and packaged meats and grains. Manufacturing supplies principally consist of ingredients and packaging materials.


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
Property
 Plant and Equipment
Property
 plant and equipment is generally stated at historical cost
 which includes the then fair values of assets acquired in business combinations
 and depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Assets held under capital leases are classified in property
 plant and equipment
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 2012
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 2012
 respectively. Depreciation expense is included in either cost of sales or selling
 general and administrative expenses
 as appropriate. Depreciation expense totaled 
 
 
Interest is capitalized on property
 plant and equipment over the construction period. Total interest capitalized was 
 
 
Property
 plant and equipment
 net
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
1
1
1
1
4
4
(2
(1
Property
 plant and equipment
2
2
277.2


Goodwill and Intangible Assets
 Goodwill
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment annually in the fourth quarter
 or sooner if impairment indicators arise. In the evaluation of goodwill for impairment
 we may perform a qualitative assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If it is not
 no further analysis is required. If it is
 a prescribed two-step goodwill impairment test is performed to identify potential goodwill impairment and measure the amount of goodwill impairment loss to be recognized for that reporting unit
The first step in the two-step impairment test is to identify if a potential impairment exists by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount
 including goodwill. The fair value of a reporting unit is estimated by applying valuation multiples and/or estimating future discounted cash flows. The selection of multiples is dependent upon assumptions regarding future levels of operating performance as well as business trends and prospects
 and industry
 market and economic conditions. When estimating future discounted cash flows
 we consider the assumptions that hypothetical marketplace participants would use in estimating future cash flows. In addition
 where applicable
 an appropriate discount rate is used
 based on an industry-wide average cost of capital or location-specific economic factors. If the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount
 goodwill of the reporting unit is not considered to have a potential impairment and the second step of the impairment test is not necessary. However
 if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 the second step is performed to determine if goodwill is impaired and to measure the amount of impairment loss to recognize
The second step compares the implied fair value of goodwill with the carrying amount of goodwill. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination (i.e.
 the fair value of the reporting unit is allocated to all the assets and liabilities
 including any unrecognized intangible assets
 as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination and the fair value of the reporting unit was the purchase price paid to acquire the reporting unit). If the implied fair value of goodwill exceeds the carrying amount
 goodwill is not considered impaired. However
 if the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value
Based on the results of our annual goodwill impairment tests
 as of our testing date
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
Patents
Amortized intangible assets
Intangible assets
The fair values of trademarks are calculated using a royalty rate method. Assumptions about royalty rates are based on the rates at which similar brands and trademarks are licensed in the marketplace. If the carrying value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets exceeds their fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. Intangible assets with finite lives are reviewed for recoverability when indicators of impairment are present using estimated future undiscounted cash flows related to those assets. We have determined that no impairments of our intangible assets existed for any of the&#160;periods presented.
 
 
April&#160;28
 2013
 the estimated amortization expense associated with our intangible assets for each of the next five fiscal years&#160;is expected to be&#160;


Debt
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
Issuance Costs
Debt issuance costs
 premiums and discounts are amortized into interest expense over the terms of the related loan agreements using the&#160;effective interest method or other methods which approximate the effective interest method.&#160;


Income Tax
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
The determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment
 the use of estimates
We record unrecognized tax benefit liabilities for known or anticipated tax issues based on our analysis of whether
 and the extent to which
 additional taxes will be due. We accrue interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in other liabilities and recognize the related expense in income tax expense.&#160;


Pension and Other Postretirement Plans
 Pensions
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
We recognize the funded status of our defined benefit pension plans in the consolidated balance sheets. We also recognize in other comprehensive income
We measure our pension and other postretirement benefit plan obligations and related plan assets as of the last day of our fiscal year. The measurement of our pension obligations and related costs is dependent on the use of assumptions and estimates. These assumptions include discount rates
 salary growth
 mortality rates and expected returns on plan assets. Changes in assumptions and future investment returns could potentially have a material impact on our expenses and related funding requirements.&#160;


        
We are self-insured for certain levels of general and vehicle liability
 property
 workers&#8217; compensation
 product recall and health care coverage. The cost of these self-insurance programs is accrued based upon estimated settlements for known and anticipated claims. Any resulting adjustments to previously recorded reserves are reflected in current period earnings.&#160;


Commitments and Contingencies
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
We are subject to lawsuits
 investigations and other claims related to the operation of our farms
 labor
 livestock procurement
 securities
 environmental
 product
 taxing authorities and other matters
 and are required to assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters
A determination of the amount of accruals and disclosures required
 if any
Our contingent liabilities contain uncertainties because the eventual outcome will result from future events.  Our determination of accruals and any reasonably possible losses in excess of those accruals require estimates and judgments related to future changes in facts and circumstances
 interpretations of the law
 the amount of damages or fees
 and the effectiveness of strategies or other factors beyond our control.&#160;If actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions
 we may be exposed to gains or losses that could be material.


Revenue Recognition
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
We recognize revenues from product sales upon delivery to customers or when title passes. Revenue is recorded at the invoice price for each product net of estimated returns and sales incentives provided to customers. Sales incentives include various rebate and trade allowance programs with our customers
 primarily discounts and rebates based on achievement of specified volume or growth in volume levels.


Advertising Costs
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
Advertising and promotional costs are expensed as incurred except for certain production costs
 which are expensed upon the first airing of the advertisement. Promotional sponsorship costs are expensed as the promotional events occur. Advertising costs totaled 
 
 
 respectively
 and are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses.


Shipping and Handling Cost
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
        


Research and Development Expense
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
        
 
 
 respectively.&#160;


Earnings Per Share
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
We present dual computations of net income per share. The basic computation is based on weighted average common shares outstanding during the period. The diluted computation reflects the potentially dilutive effect of common stock equivalents
 such as stock options and convertible notes
 during the period. We excluded stock based awards for approximately 
 
 
 respectively
 from the diluted computation because their effect would have been anti-dilutive.


Derivatives
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
Our meat processing and hog production operations use various raw materials
 primarily live hogs
 corn and soybean meal
 which are actively traded on commodity exchanges. We hedge these commodities when we determine conditions are appropriate to mitigate price risk. While this hedging may limit our ability to participate in gains from favorable commodity fluctuations
We record all derivatives in the balance sheet as either assets or liabilities at fair value. Accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative depends on whether it qualifies and has been designated as part of a hedging relationship. For derivatives that qualify and have been designated as hedges for accounting purposes
 changes in fair value have no net impact on earnings
 to the extent the derivative is considered perfectly effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows attributable to the risk being hedged
 until the hedged item is recognized in earnings (commonly referred to as the &#8220;hedge accounting&#8221; method). For derivatives that do not qualify or are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes
 changes in fair value are recorded in current period earnings (commonly referred to as the &#8220;mark-to-market&#8221; method). We may elect either method of accounting for our derivative portfolio
 assuming all the necessary requirements are met. We have in the past availed ourselves of either acceptable method and expect to do so in the future. We believe all of our derivative instruments represent economic hedges against changes in prices and rates
 regardless of their designation for accounting purposes.


Equity Method Investments
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
We record our share of earnings and losses from our equity method investments in (income) loss from equity method investments. Some of these results are reported on a one-month lag which
 in our opinion
Each quarter
 we review the carrying value of our investments and consider whether indicators of impairment exist. Examples of impairment indicators include a history or expectation of future operating losses and declines in a quoted share price
 among other factors. If an impairment indicator exists
 we must evaluate the fair value of our investment to determine if a loss in value
 which is other than temporary
 has occurred. If we consider any such decline to be other than temporary (based on various factors
 including historical financial results
 product development activities and the overall health of the affiliate&#8217;s industry)
 then a write-down of the investment to its estimated fair value would be recorded. We have determined that no write-down was necessary for all periods presented.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
 -Paragraph 7
 8
 9
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include policies for recognizing and measuring loss and gain contingencies.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 14
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Section 02
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the effects of refinancings
 method of amortizing deferred financing costs and original issue discount
 and classifications of debt on the balance sheet.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6
 8-16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 corporate joint ventures
 noncontrolling interests in real estate ventures
 limited partnerships
 and limited liability companies. The accounting policy may include information such as: (1) initially recording an investment in the stock of an investee at cost; (2) adjusting the carrying amount of the investment to recognize the investor's share of the earnings or losses of the investee after the date of acquisition; and (3) adjustments to reflect the investor's share of changes in the investee's capital (dividends). This disclosure may also include a detailed description of the policy for determining the amount of equity method losses recognized after an investment has been reduced to zero as a result of previous losses
 reasons for not using the equity method when the investor company owns 20 percent or more of the voting stock of the investee's company (including identification of the significant investee)
 reasons for using the equity method when the ownership percentage is less than 20 percent
 and discussion of recognition of equity method losses when an investor's total investment in an investee includes
 in addition to an investment in common stock
 other investments such as preferred stock and loans to the investee. An entity also may describe how such investments are assessed for impairment.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 4
 11-23
 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7-18
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6-34
 43
 47
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 -Paragraph 3
 5-10
 15
 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the benefits provided by each plan (2) groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) how plan assets
 liabilities and expenses are measured
 including the use of any actuaries and (4) significant assumptions used by the entity to value plan assets and liabilities and how such assumptions are derived.
              
 -Paragraph 4
 5
 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 7
 9
 11
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 15-19
 63
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 21
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment which may include the basis of such assets
 depreciation methods used and estimated useful lives
 the entity's capitalization policy
 including its accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance activities
 whether such asset balances include capitalized interest and the method by which such is calculated
 how disposals of such assets are accounted for and how impairment of such assets is assessed and recognized.
              
 -Paragraph 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.
              
 -Paragraph 3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
SMITHFIELD FOODS
APRIL&#160;28
Fiscal year ended April 28
Fiscal year ended April 29
Fiscal year ended May 1
Fiscal year ended April 28
Fiscal year ended April 29
Fiscal year ended May 1
Fiscal year ended April 28
Fiscal year ended April 29
Fiscal year ended May 1
 2011




        
          

        
          
            

 as well as a reconciliation by type of activity during the period). Alternatively
 disclosure of the required information may be within the footnotes to the financial statements or a supplemental schedule to the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS Schedule of Level 3 Change
 Pension Plan Assets (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions

105.3

021.2
        




 Inputs


        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        




 Inputs


        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Return on Plan Assets Still Held
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Return on Plan Assets Sold During Period
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Purchases
 Sales
 and Settlements
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        




 Inputs


        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 Excluding Unsettled Transactions
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Return on Plan Assets Still Held
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Return on Plan Assets Sold During Period
        
        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Purchases
 Sales
 and Settlements
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding the impact of unsettled transactions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 separately identifying the amount related to assets sold during the period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 separately identifying the amount related to assets still held at the reporting date.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sales
 and settlements of plan assets that occurred during the period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Property
 Plant and Equipment (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      










 2013

          



 2012

          



 2013



          



 2013



          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2013



          



 2013



          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2013



          



 2013



          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2013



          



 2013



          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2013



          



 2013



          



 2013


 Plant and Equipment




 2012


 Plant and Equipment




 2013


 Plant and Equipment
 Other Types [Member]

          



 2013


 Plant and Equipment
 Other Types [Member]

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

470.1

269.9
        
        
        
        

788.6

690.6
        
        

862.7

780.6
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

171.7)

992.7)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 net

298.4

277.2
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization (related to property
 plant and equipment
 but not including land) that has been recognized in the income statement.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

LEASE OBLIGATIONS
 COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES Lease Obligations
 Commitments and Guarantees (Tables)

        

      






Lease Obligations
 Commitments and Guarantee [Abstract]
        


        
April&#160;28
 2013


        
We have purchase commitments with certain livestock producers that obligate us to purchase all the livestock that these producers deliver. Other arrangements obligate us to purchase a fixed amount of livestock. We also use independent farmers and their facilities to raise hogs produced from our breeding stock in exchange for a performance-based service fee payable upon delivery. We estimate the future obligations under these commitments based on available commodity livestock futures prices and internal projections about future hog prices
1
1
1
081.7




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Schedule of Segment Reporting Information
 by Segment [Table Text Block]
11
11
10
3
3
2
1
1
1
15
15
14
(2
(2
(2
(2
(2
(2
13
13
12
1
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
May&#160;1
2
2
2
2
2
2
1
1
1
1
1
1
7
7
7
611.8


        
Balance
 May 1
Balance
 April 29
Balance
 April 28
 2013


Schedule of Revenue from External Customers and Long-Lived Assets
 by Geographical Areas [Table Text Block]
April&#160;28
 2013
April&#160;29
May&#160;1
11
11
10
1
1
1
13
13
12
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
May&#160;1
3
2
2
1
1
1
4
4
4
273.9



          

        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
The following table shows the percentages of Hog Production segment revenues derived from hogs sold internally and externally
Consists primarily of grains
 feed and gains (losses) on derivatives.



          

        


        
        


        
The following table shows the percentages of International segment revenues derived from packaged meats
Includes external hog sales
 feed
 feathers
 by-products and rendering




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 customer relationships with financial institutions
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred taxes assets) located in identified geographic areas and/or the amount of revenue from external customers attributed to that country from which revenue is material.  An entity may also provide subtotals of geographic information about groups of countries.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.
              
 -Paragraph 27
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

ACQUISITIONS Assets Acquired (Details) (American Skin Food Group
 LLC [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified











        


        
        


        
        


Accounts receivable
 net
        


        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 net
        


Intangible assets
 net
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 fair value of debt and equity securities issued to shareholders of acquired entities
 the fair value of the liabilities assumed
 and direct costs of the acquisition.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including finished goods
 work-in-process
 and raw materials.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is the excess of the cost of the acquired entity over the amounts assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment to be used in ongoing operations.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 


        
The table below shows CFG's intra-day high share price and Smithfield's carrying value
 expressed in euro per share
May 5
February 17
April 29
April 28
Subsequent to the end of fiscal 2013
May&#160;30
 2013


        
CFG prepares its financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards. Our share of CFG&#8217;s results reflects U.S. GAAP adjustments and thus
 there may be differences between the amounts we report for CFG and the amounts reported by CFG.



          

        


        
        


        
2
2
2
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
1
1
1
1
168.1




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) the percentage ownership of common stock
 (3) the difference
 if any
 between the carrying amount of an investment and the value of the underlying equity in the net assets and the accounting treatment of difference
 if any
 and (4) the aggregate value of each identified investment based on its quoted market price
 if available.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        

      






























 2012

          



 2011

          



 2011

          



 2012






 2012






 2011






 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Loss Contingency
 Loss in Period
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Professional Fees
 Terminated Potential Acquisition
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the effects of revisions in previously reported estimates.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding asset retirement obligations.
              
 -Subsection 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

170.4
        


        

479.1

937.3




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Income taxes (paid) refunded
 net
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

LEASE OBLIGATIONS
 COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES Schedule of Hog Procurement and Contract Growers Commitments (Details) (Hog Procurement and Contract Grower Payments [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified








          

        


        
        


        

829.0


        

325.8


        

081.7


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

479.1

937.3


        
        
        


        

804.0

874.8




 Six Point Six Two Five Percent


        
        


        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Unamortized Discount (Premium)
 Net
        
        


        
        
        




 Ten Percent
 Due July 2014


        
        


        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Unamortized Discount (Premium)
 Net
        
        


        
        
        




 Ten Percent
 Due July 2014


        
        


        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Unamortized Discount (Premium)
 Net
        
        


        
        
        




 Seven Point Seven Five Percent


        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




 Four Percent


        
        


        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Unamortized Discount (Premium)
 Net
        
        


        
        
        




 Seven Point Seven Five Percent


        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Fiscal year ended April 28
Fiscal year ended April 29
Fiscal year ended May 1
Fiscal year ended April 28
Fiscal year ended April 29
Fiscal year ended May 1
Fiscal year ended April 28
Fiscal year ended April 29
Fiscal year ended May 1
 2011




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Share data in Millions
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      










        
        
        


Class of Warrant or Right
 Number of Securities Called by Warrants or Rights
        
        




 Four Percent


        
        


        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Face Amount
        

000
000


Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Ratio
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Principal Convertable

000
        


Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Nonconvertible Debt Borrowing Rate
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Carrying Amount of Equity Component
        

800
000



          

        
        


        
        
        


Option Indexed to Issuer's Equity
 Indexed Shares
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Convertible
 Principal Convertable
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 on or before a certain date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may vary from the carrying amount because of unamortized premium or discount.
              
 -Paragraph 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      






Class of Warrant or Right
 Exercise Price of Warrants or Rights
        


Class of Warrant or Right
 Number of Securities Called by Warrants or Rights
        


        
        



          

        


Option Indexed to Issuer's Equity
 Indexed Shares
        


Option Indexed to Issuer's Equity
 Strike Price
        


        
        




 Four Percent


        


Debt Instrument
 Convertible
 Conversion Price
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 on or before a certain date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the case of a call option
 or sell
 in the case of a put option
 on the underlying security.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          








          

        


Common Stock
 Shares Held in Employee Trust
 Shares

616
687


Common Stock
 Shares Held in Employee Trust
 Per Share
        



          

        


Common Stock
 Shares Held in Employee Trust
 Shares

180


Common Stock
 Shares Held in Employee Trust
 Per Share
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      






















        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Valuation Allowances and Reserves
 Balance
        
        
        
        


Valuation Allowances and Reserves
 Charged to Cost and Expense
        
        
        
        


Valuation Allowances and Reserves
 Charged to Other Accounts
        
        
        
        


Valuation Allowances and Reserves
 Deductions
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Valuation Allowances and Reserves
 Balance
        
        
        
        


Valuation Allowances and Reserves
 Charged to Cost and Expense
        
        
        
        


Valuation Allowances and Reserves
 Charged to Other Accounts
        
        
        
        


Valuation Allowances and Reserves
 Deductions
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Valuation Allowances and Reserves
 Balance
        
        
        
        


Valuation Allowances and Reserves
 Charged to Cost and Expense
        
        
        
        


Valuation Allowances and Reserves
 Charged to Other Accounts
        
        
        
        


Valuation Allowances and Reserves
 Deductions
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 charged to costs and expenses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 charged to accounts other than costs and expenses in a given period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 representing receivables written off as uncollectible and portions of the reserves utilized
 respectively.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS Schedule of Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on a Recurring Basis (Details) (Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member]
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified











Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        
        


Commodity Contracts
 Asset
 Fair Value Disclosure
        
        


Foreign Currency Contract
 Asset
 Fair Value Disclosure
        
        


Open-Ended Mutual Funds
 Asset Fair Value Disclosure
        
        


Cash Surrender Value
 Fair Value Disclosure
        
        


Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure
        
        


Commodity Contracts
 Liability
 Fair Value Disclosure
        
        


Foreign Currency Contracts
 Liability
 Fair Value Disclosure
        
        


Liabilities
 Fair Value Disclosure
        
        




 Inputs


        
        


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        
        


Commodity Contracts
 Asset
 Fair Value Disclosure
        
        


Foreign Currency Contract
 Asset
 Fair Value Disclosure
        
        


Open-Ended Mutual Funds
 Asset Fair Value Disclosure
        
        


Cash Surrender Value
 Fair Value Disclosure
        
        


Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure
        
        


Commodity Contracts
 Liability
 Fair Value Disclosure
        
        


Foreign Currency Contracts
 Liability
 Fair Value Disclosure
        
        


Liabilities
 Fair Value Disclosure
        
        




 Inputs


        
        


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        
        


Commodity Contracts
 Asset
 Fair Value Disclosure
        
        


Foreign Currency Contract
 Asset
 Fair Value Disclosure
        
        


Open-Ended Mutual Funds
 Asset Fair Value Disclosure
        
        


Cash Surrender Value
 Fair Value Disclosure
        
        


Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure
        
        


Commodity Contracts
 Liability
 Fair Value Disclosure
        
        


Foreign Currency Contracts
 Liability
 Fair Value Disclosure
        
        


Liabilities
 Fair Value Disclosure
        
        




 Inputs


        
        


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        
        


Commodity Contracts
 Asset
 Fair Value Disclosure
        
        


Foreign Currency Contract
 Asset
 Fair Value Disclosure
        
        


Open-Ended Mutual Funds
 Asset Fair Value Disclosure
        
        


Cash Surrender Value
 Fair Value Disclosure
        
        


Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure
        
        


Commodity Contracts
 Liability
 Fair Value Disclosure
        
        


Foreign Currency Contracts
 Liability
 Fair Value Disclosure
        
        


Liabilities
 Fair Value Disclosure
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Asset
 Fair Value Disclosure
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Liability
 Fair Value Disclosure
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Asset Fair Value Disclosure
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission. This element represents the portion of a balance sheet assertion valued at fair value by the entity whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally
 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission. This item represents the amount that could be realized under a life insurance contract or contracts owned by the Company as of the date of the statement of financial position. Such Company-owned life insurance policies are commonly known as corporate-owned life insurance (COLI) or bank-owned life insurance (BOLI).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission. This item represents contracts related to the exchange of different currencies
 including foreign currency options
 forward (delivery or nondelivery) contracts
 and swaps entered into and existing as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission. This item represents contracts related to the exchange of different currencies
 including foreign currency options
 forward (delivery or nondelivery) contracts
 and swaps entered into and existing as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
On May 28
 2013
 we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement) with Shuanghui International Holdings Limited
 a corporation formed under the laws of the Cayman Islands (Shuanghui) and Sun Merger Sub
 Inc.
 a Virginia corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Shuanghui (Merger Sub and
 together with Shuanghui
 the Parent Parties)
 pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company (the Merger)
Shuanghui is the majority shareholder of Henan Shuanghui Investment &amp; Development Co.
Under the terms of the Merger Agreement
 which has been unanimously approved by the boards of directors of both companies
 per share in cash. Upon completion of the Merger
 all then-outstanding stock-based compensation awards
 whether vested or unvested
 per share (without interest)
 less the exercise price of such awards
The Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights for the Company and Shuanghui. Upon termination of the Merger Agreement under specified customary circumstances
 the Company will be required to pay Shuanghui a termination fee. If the Merger Agreement is terminated in connection with the Company entering into an alternative acquisition agreement in respect of a superior proposal or making a change of recommendation
 or in certain other customary circumstances
. Under specified circumstances
 if the Company enters into a definitive agreement with a Qualified Pre-Existing Bidder with respect to an alternative acquisition proposal on or before June 27
 2013
 (which is not exclusive in the case of a willful breach) if the Merger Agreement is terminated under certain circumstances in connection with a willful breach by Shuanghui
 termination primarily caused by the failure to obtain required U.S. or foreign antitrust or other regulatory approvals (other than CFIUS)
 or termination as a result of the failure by Shuanghui to receive the proceeds of its committed debt financing and consummate the Merger. 
 rollover of certain existing Company debt
Funding
The closing of the Merger is subject to certain conditions
 including
 among others
 approval by our shareholders
 the receipt of approval under applicable U.S. and specified foreign antitrust and anti-competition laws
 and if review by CFIUS has concluded
Kansas City Sausage
In May 2013 (fiscal 2014)
 interest in Kansas City Sausage Company
 LLC (KCS)
 in cash
 subject to a customary post-closing adjustment for differences between working capital at closing and an agreed-upon target. Upon closing
 in addition to the cash purchase price
 to the seller in exchange for a promissory note
 which is secured by the remaining membership interests in KCS held by the seller.  Additionally
 we entered into a revolving loan agreement with KCS
KCS is a leading U.S.sausage producer and sow processor. We intend to merge KCS's low-cost
 efficient operations and high-quality products with our strong brands and sales and marketing team to continue to grow our packaged meats business. The venture will operate in Des Moines
 Iowa and Kansas City
 Missouri. In Des Moines
 the venture will produce premium raw materials for sausage
 as well as value-added products
 including boneless hams and hides. The Kansas City plant is a modern sausage processing facility in the U.S. and is designed for optimum efficiency to provide retail and foodservice customers with high quality products. With our strong ongoing focus on building our packaged meats business
 of the U.S. sow population
 this joint venture is a logical fit for the Company. It will provide a growth platform in two key packaged meats categories &#8212; breakfast sausage and dinner sausage &#8212; and will allow us to expand our product offerings to our customers. These categories represent over 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Changes in operating assets and liabilities and other
 net:
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Business acquisition
 net of cash acquired
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Proceeds from the sale of property
 plant and equipment
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

219.2
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with maturities due beyond one year or the operating cycle
 if longer
 and borrowings supported by a written promise to pay an obligation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 45
 46
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 other noncurrent assets and liabilities
 or a combination of other current and noncurrent assets and liabilities.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
 or income taxes.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding cash flows derived by the entity from its discontinued operations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding cash flows derived by the entity from its discontinued operations.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including those of discontinued operations
 of the reporting entity. Operating activities generally involve producing and delivering goods and providing services. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value that are not defined as investing or financing activities. While for technical reasons this element has no balance attribute
 the default assumption is a debit balance consistent with its label.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.
              
 -Paragraph 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pension expense includes the following components: service cost
 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss) on plan assets
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) due to settlements or curtailments. For defined contribution plans
 the pension expense generally equals the firm's contribution to employees' accounts (if the firm contributes) during the period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example fixed assets. It excludes insurance settlements classified as operating cash flows.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 preferred stock
 treasury stock
 stock options
 and other types of equity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 18
 19
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.  Includes repayments of (a) debt
 (b) capital lease obligations
 (c) mandatory redeemable capital securities
 and (d) any combination of (a)
 (b)
 or (c).
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Goodwill
 Acquired During Period
        
        
        


Goodwill
 Other Changes
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Goodwill
 Acquired During Period
        
        
        


Goodwill
 Other Changes
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Goodwill
 Acquired During Period
        
        
        


Goodwill
 Other Changes
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Goodwill
 Acquired During Period
        
        
        


Goodwill
 Other Changes
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 which is the cumulative amount paid and (if applicable) the fair value of any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree
 adjusted for any amortization recognized prior to the adoption of any changes in generally accepted accounting principles (as applicable) and for any impairment charges
 in excess of the fair value of net assets acquired in one or more business combination transactions.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Unless otherwise stated
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all wholly-owned subsidiaries
 as well as all majority-owned subsidiaries and other entities for which we have a controlling interest. Entities that are 50% owned or less are accounted for under the equity method when we have the ability to exercise significant influence. We use the cost method of accounting for investments in which our ability to exercise significant influence is limited. All intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated. Consolidating the results of operations and financial position of variable interest entities for which we are the primary beneficiary does not have a material effect on sales
 net income
 or net income per diluted share
Foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars using the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. Results of operations and cash flows in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars using the average exchange rate over the course of the fiscal year. The effect of exchange rate fluctuations on the translation of assets and liabilities is included as a component of shareholders&#8217; equity in accumulated other comprehensive loss and included in other comprehensive income for each period. Gains and losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses as incurred. We recorded net&#160;gains on foreign currency transactions of 
Our Polish operations have different fiscal period end dates. As such
The consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S.
Accounts receivable are recorded net of the allowance for doubtful accounts. We regularly evaluate the collectibility of our accounts receivable based on a variety of factors
 including the length of time the receivables are past due
 the financial health of the customer and historical experience. Based on our evaluation
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 2012
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
1
2
2
Livestock are generally valued at the lower of first-in
 first-out cost or market
 adjusted for changes in the fair value of livestock that are hedged. Costs include purchase costs
 feed
 medications
 contract grower fees and other production expenses. Fresh and packaged meats are valued based on USDA and other market prices and adjusted for the cost of further processing. Costs for fresh and packaged meats include meat
 labor
Property
 Plant and Equipment
Property
 plant and equipment is generally stated at historical cost
 which includes the then fair values of assets acquired in business combinations
 and depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Assets held under capital leases are classified in property
 plant and equipment
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 2012
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 2012
 respectively. Depreciation expense is included in either cost of sales or selling
 general and administrative expenses
 as appropriate. Depreciation expense totaled 
 
 
Interest is capitalized on property
 plant and equipment over the construction period. Total interest capitalized was 
 
 
Property
 plant and equipment
 net
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
1
1
1
1
4
4
(2
(1
Property
 plant and equipment
2
2
Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment annually in the fourth quarter
 or sooner if impairment indicators arise. In the evaluation of goodwill for impairment
 we may perform a qualitative assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If it is not
 no further analysis is required. If it is
 a prescribed two-step goodwill impairment test is performed to identify potential goodwill impairment and measure the amount of goodwill impairment loss to be recognized for that reporting unit
The first step in the two-step impairment test is to identify if a potential impairment exists by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount
 including goodwill. The fair value of a reporting unit is estimated by applying valuation multiples and/or estimating future discounted cash flows. The selection of multiples is dependent upon assumptions regarding future levels of operating performance as well as business trends and prospects
 and industry
 market and economic conditions. When estimating future discounted cash flows
 we consider the assumptions that hypothetical marketplace participants would use in estimating future cash flows. In addition
 where applicable
 an appropriate discount rate is used
 based on an industry-wide average cost of capital or location-specific economic factors. If the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount
 goodwill of the reporting unit is not considered to have a potential impairment and the second step of the impairment test is not necessary. However
 if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 the second step is performed to determine if goodwill is impaired and to measure the amount of impairment loss to recognize
The second step compares the implied fair value of goodwill with the carrying amount of goodwill. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination (i.e.
 the fair value of the reporting unit is allocated to all the assets and liabilities
 including any unrecognized intangible assets
 as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination and the fair value of the reporting unit was the purchase price paid to acquire the reporting unit). If the implied fair value of goodwill exceeds the carrying amount
 goodwill is not considered impaired. However
 if the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value
Based on the results of our annual goodwill impairment tests
 as of our testing date
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
Patents
Amortized intangible assets
Intangible assets
The fair values of trademarks are calculated using a royalty rate method. Assumptions about royalty rates are based on the rates at which similar brands and trademarks are licensed in the marketplace. If the carrying value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets exceeds their fair value
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. Intangible assets with finite lives are reviewed for recoverability when indicators of impairment are present using estimated future undiscounted cash flows related to those assets. We have determined that no impairments of our intangible assets existed for any of the&#160;periods presented.
 
 
April&#160;28
 2013
Issuance Costs
Debt issuance costs
The determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment
 the use of estimates
We record unrecognized tax benefit liabilities for known or anticipated tax issues based on our analysis of whether
 and the extent to which
We recognize the funded status of our defined benefit pension plans in the consolidated balance sheets. We also recognize in other comprehensive income
We measure our pension and other postretirement benefit plan obligations and related plan assets as of the last day of our fiscal year. The measurement of our pension obligations and related costs is dependent on the use of assumptions and estimates. These assumptions include discount rates
 salary growth
We are self-insured for certain levels of general and vehicle liability
 property
 workers&#8217; compensation
We are subject to lawsuits
 investigations and other claims related to the operation of our farms
 labor
 livestock procurement
 securities
 environmental
 product
 taxing authorities and other matters
 and are required to assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters
A determination of the amount of accruals and disclosures required
 if any
Our contingent liabilities contain uncertainties because the eventual outcome will result from future events.  Our determination of accruals and any reasonably possible losses in excess of those accruals require estimates and judgments related to future changes in facts and circumstances
 interpretations of the law
 the amount of damages or fees
 and the effectiveness of strategies or other factors beyond our control.&#160;If actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions
We recognize revenues from product sales upon delivery to customers or when title passes. Revenue is recorded at the invoice price for each product net of estimated returns and sales incentives provided to customers. Sales incentives include various rebate and trade allowance programs with our customers
Advertising and promotional costs are expensed as incurred except for certain production costs
 which are expensed upon the first airing of the advertisement. Promotional sponsorship costs are expensed as the promotional events occur. Advertising costs totaled 
 
 
 respectively
 and are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses.
 
 
We present dual computations of net income per share. The basic computation is based on weighted average common shares outstanding during the period. The diluted computation reflects the potentially dilutive effect of common stock equivalents
 such as stock options and convertible notes
 during the period. We excluded stock based awards for approximately 
 
 
 respectively
 from the diluted computation because their effect would have been anti-dilutive.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Our meat processing and hog production operations use various raw materials
 primarily live hogs
 corn and soybean meal
 which are actively traded on commodity exchanges. We hedge these commodities when we determine conditions are appropriate to mitigate price risk. While this hedging may limit our ability to participate in gains from favorable commodity fluctuations
We record all derivatives in the balance sheet as either assets or liabilities at fair value. Accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative depends on whether it qualifies and has been designated as part of a hedging relationship. For derivatives that qualify and have been designated as hedges for accounting purposes
 changes in fair value have no net impact on earnings
 to the extent the derivative is considered perfectly effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows attributable to the risk being hedged
 until the hedged item is recognized in earnings (commonly referred to as the &#8220;hedge accounting&#8221; method). For derivatives that do not qualify or are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes
 changes in fair value are recorded in current period earnings (commonly referred to as the &#8220;mark-to-market&#8221; method). We may elect either method of accounting for our derivative portfolio
 assuming all the necessary requirements are met. We have in the past availed ourselves of either acceptable method and expect to do so in the future. We believe all of our derivative instruments represent economic hedges against changes in prices and rates
April&#160;28
 2013
 representing cash deposits received from brokers to cover gains on our open derivative instruments. Changes in commodity prices could have a significant impact on&#160;cash deposit&#160;requirements under our broker and counterparty agreements. Additionally
 certain of our&#160;derivative contracts contain credit risk related&#160;contingent features
April&#160;28
 2013
We are exposed to losses in the event of nonperformance or nonpayment by counterparties under financial instruments. Although our counterparties primarily consist of financial institutions that are investment grade
 there is still a possibility that one or more of these companies could default. &#160;However
 a majority of our financial instruments are exchange traded futures contracts held with brokers and counterparties with whom we maintain margin accounts that are settled on a daily basis
 thereby limiting our credit exposure to non-exchange traded derivatives.&#160;Determination of the credit quality of our counterparties is based upon a number of factors
April&#160;28
 2013
 on non-exchange traded derivative contracts
 excluding the effects of netting arrangements. As a result of netting arrangements
April&#160;28
April&#160;28
The size and mix of our derivative portfolio varies from time to time based upon our analysis of current and future market conditions.  All derivative contracts are recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets or accrued expenses and other current liabilities within the consolidated balance sheets
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
We enter into derivative instruments
 such as futures
 swaps and options contracts
 to manage our exposure to the variability in expected future cash flows attributable to commodity price risk associated with the forecasted sale of live hogs and fresh pork
 and the forecasted purchase of corn
 wheat and soybean meal. In addition
 we&#160;enter into interest rate swaps to manage our exposure to changes in interest rates associated with our variable interest rate debt
April&#160;28
 2013
When cash flow hedge accounting is applied
 derivative gains or losses are recognized as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transactions affect earnings. Derivative gains and losses
 when reclassified into earnings
 are recorded in cost of sales for&#160;grain contracts
 sales for lean hog contracts
 interest expense for interest rate contracts and selling
 general and administrative expenses for foreign exchange contracts. Gains and losses on derivatives designed to hedge price risk associated with fresh pork sales are recorded in the Hog Production segment.&#160;
30
885
114
525
273
755
569
920
11
687
71
979
For the fiscal periods presented
 foreign exchange contracts were determined to be highly effective. We have excluded from the assessment of effectiveness differences between spot and forward rates
During fiscal 2012 and 2011
 we discontinued cash flow hedge accounting on certain grain contracts as it became probable that the original forecasted transactions would not transpire. As a result of this change
April&#160;28
 2013
&#160;there were deferred net&#160;losses of&#160;
 net of tax of 
We enter into derivative instruments (primarily futures contracts) that are designed to hedge changes in&#160;the fair value of live hog inventories and&#160;firm commitments to buy grains. When fair value hedge accounting is applied
 derivative gains and losses are recognized in earnings currently along with the change in fair value of the hedged item attributable to the risk being hedged. The gains or losses on the derivative instruments and the offsetting losses or gains on the related hedged items are recorded in cost of sales for commodity contracts.
286
800
2
745
16
960
000
 gains of 
 respectively
For fair value hedges of hog inventory
 we elect to exclude from the assessment of effectiveness differences between the spot and futures prices. These differences are recorded directly into earnings as they occur. These differences resulted in losses of 
Derivative instruments that are not designated as a hedge
 have been de-designated from a hedging relationship
 or do not meet the criteria for hedge accounting are marked-to-market with the unrealized gains and losses together with actual realized gains and losses from closed contracts being recognized in current period earnings. Under the mark-to-market method
 gains and losses are recorded in either sales or cost of sales for commodity contracts
 and selling
 general and administrative expenses for foreign exchange contracts.
320
542
440
1
080
22
960
33
109
155
935
2
000
9
370
11
030
3
528
144
21
823
131
845
The table above reflects gains and losses from both open and closed contracts including
 among other things
 gains and losses related to contracts designed to hedge price movements that occur entirely within a fiscal year. The table includes amounts for both realized and unrealized gains and losses. The table is not
 therefore
 a simple representation of unrealized gains and losses recognized in the income statement during any period presented.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 derivatives in hedging activities and non-hedging derivative instruments
 the assets
 obligations
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses arising therefrom
 and the amounts of and methodologies and assumptions used in determining the amounts of such items.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 16
 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 16
 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
American Skin Food Group
In September 2012 (fiscal 2013)
 controlling interest in American Skin Food Group
 in cash
Located in Burgaw
 North Carolina
 American Skin manufactures and supplies pork rinds to the snack food industry. By leveraging our coordinated sales and marketing team
 we believe American Skin can expand into new markets both domestically and internationally
The acquisition of American Skin was accounted for in the Pork segment using the acquisition method of accounting
 which requires
 among other things
 that assets acquired
 liabilities assumed and noncontrolling interests in the acquiree be recognized at their fair values as of the acquisition date. The following table summarizes the fair values of the assets acquired
Accounts receivable
Property
 plant and equipment
Intangible assets
Intangible assets acquired include customer relationship assets
 contractual rights and trademarks with fair values of 
 
 respectively. The customer relationship assets and contractual rights will be amortized over useful lives of 
The fair value of the noncontrolling interests was measured based on market multiples for similar public companies and consideration of the terms of the acquisition
 which provide the noncontrolling interest holders the right to exercise a put option
 which would obligate us to redeem their interests. The redemption amount is based on a fixed multiple of earnings
 which is consistent with the formula utilized in determining the purchase price for our 




        
          

        
          
            

 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. The disclosure may include leverage buyout transactions (as applicable).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 51
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Schedule of Cash Flow
 Supplemental Disclosures [Table Text Block]
Interest paid
Income taxes (paid) refunded
 net




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Schedule of Inventory
 Current [Table Text Block]
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
1
2
2
072.4


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Table Text Block]
Property
 plant and equipment
 net
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
1
1
1
1
4
4
(2
(1
Property
 plant and equipment
2
2
277.2


        
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
Patents
Amortized intangible assets
Intangible assets
 net




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
April&#160;28
April&#160;29
 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

LEASE OBLIGATIONS
 COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES Schedule of Rental Commitments (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      















          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Related Party Transaction
 Purchases from Related Party
        
        
        






        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Related Party Transaction
 Purchases from Related Party
        
        
        


Related Party Transaction
 Reimbursements Received
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Related Party Transaction
 Purchases from Related Party
        
        
        


Related Party Transaction
 Reimbursements Received
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0000091388-13-000040-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(``F%TD)LE;?$HJ
#`

3
P-#(X+GAM










M&I.QPRSF^N^X9S-(Y[O/H$#?5BO_I]]FZ3

)/

MC[JN0XU
Y89KB0B??@
5ON52X4

:A=\O1+@AK_'Y\W^X:




MO1:6E\M\#D(!`#WBS)JY;6Z['KPN4ZKB&U:U7IU&;5B4BMSFR^XA(?86RP



KQ0




C-FE

MK7Q`T\7:9LMGJ=[^2V0+CMBOC'U'4C6\H22QKNYMX.?\4
6!7Y3IG5'/EAI1
+A8%+^;#W.KN#J\C\
M

#-IL76Z'/@4I1#XN@%?@T;JQW..



R=?V]JA=_UD0&$D
M2`LSYN=DDM%8].%-S


(@V,I[XR0
MY]OK@DZRL(A,?F0J,Y*&`UJ[!R9<;_D6$A(66EDPI7O\Z5%:#*A\9L59E6^


MC;KK-_V]?RH-S9(2(SR+\/SD6FGBW


M.2ZC@S9ZY)+P3?/SK?D819Y\FVB.-UA0XI-;O*1!.=+IBR'*'
6LS6%/YC





M)F2/6AI4O!4N58^4PY?
&.&%IC^T
X6\3N:[`77IMUY-JA%L];.9'(A=+NQ^



MRHQQ9M%

]^[1`F



M(IM$5K(7XGI;#


;J!(U[#CB-4BWD/G;,5K8?D-S?DM6)5[U^\1I^R'DVK!S]*2:N(
M;08HZ]5E;'?8M


C-FEMMD]&ZS7



D7!$O@%2M:?S*W%23M
-;2V\-;\D9#*%GZ;E-$UF]2F*'H636
&V(
M^G8LK&0*2U7#WH:B&4(/V+*U.8LSV<PT$J0U/N=GZI/16/3A3<QTR^]2Z'&Y
M(=]$D*`C(4,1A&_K\-W0;
(_R$8M%/A!G-R5-WQR]8$`=PZ@-Y0:?J]M0?Q





M('X&OZS3VEK$




O2'.
)
MC4+B/+#!L.Q=X#MD


*

MBV$9\'%%RUC+

'V+!(:O*#%DU\@]9[9:XOQXORM?B

JFP-)Z?RDFJ&&6&&HF9]@
;#23XK^K8W_-.L3$M/J%ZZ7



1&3%3'I


#B%V'

M3*;1-32*=S**:-)GBOYH%+F


MK
0
@KH

MJ:83;(3]0JNP`V6.X@=+]/+CV!ME:;J&&3V^8?
_'UA3C&R=Q2^(Z:;[L+





M+!(NU`YS$








XKJ0%AH'=A`#KE$!B@-][54`'S
M6SAU#/*P9L%(CK(ZQ+R&OZV2KE4>=(-_1>!CZOC#=G#
9



<M1#;_%DZW=D\K[_9A90E\\2?)80+89TZ8W+A].FV#Y:;]96H55
M0=!JLYI2!OQ+@I1#SC0_FC:NP0GTUN




1SCGA6UYH$8S^()BP#8MV[
J)@ADJ'.@XTG?`H;:PN/@P7


S*?+EPT


PBJ\M]W-PM$




LG[[+W_KL
H*G

8

+\FN7LQBC




MW7+.!8LZGTE




M;+E?7?PLCMF_X+CD6H_;^^.2MP@E?1&D+^+X8PC5NTSW?


M?NDU?(_)2TQF[&63'_&YG\#+\O1VA'4=L0V9@E?
QE@H2_


M%;P58`5O3[_B7;2





&=_^Z5

!]MR8
[KQWKX0!SGM/
M&
X
DTD036X1^8G3)
_:](`\V:]#^``A#F2,&^6^
@N&]^I

!_


@N&Y^
MI







@KY



//KI/H@!W'0+

W[5P[-&(?


T\2(_!L*&I[&


MJF/.ZF`NGA9SO+:H%C5?CVE

M-(9+GD?:;GX6XKN7\@`!JTK5L



(;6[O
M(!)13?1]9/HX`E17F@,J?,7QA*#Y-/!06#W&.)#VWZ]HQ<`BWXW^@ZUE\_-K
MDKL78T:_SD.#;OR&&@^7!&R!?+'^*`SC7RCR,%OK_(`33%YQ4LK)65_EQL2.
ML^?T)0MIESO.:`BU,M)_AW`<'EM=R6,!`0HM+V<SN5$:D\7ZON6E?!'G``Q`
ME]K+[U[LY0G33^BM6%[-%W5.@&18-)+_+EXG288E09*2!SS/B#=%6:?

3H



M$I


M3;*8B:*?ZU3P)TQF-W'?K5!='EA#5;EK]@?T'#]3/(;=XM6UY*ZQBP3(QZWT









MS@R321!-;A'YB=-DM5BF[R?`GTSC`S@`88XD#)COUC@([IL?:?!FOWLF#?#?

VF``]^71KYQZ*;9G(BV9\_7XI].X@80@K'4`6,=SOL`]?-B2BX
ML]P]$@7X[99$P9W9[I$HP&D?$(4;1CR@KX?`?UN$N_A`(0YDC!@N5OC(+AN
E`0[\@#2^812F4PN1GA[<C$B[P,!E#F6,F#
MVV




/N/XNR8?W/D#O
MY`


3W]M`X`
MH

U?]T4

#2(3;*$YOQRN1@)(<S1IP&FWR$-PW#S)@V/GW0]Y@`-O




MGC1X


:&?V?@YY7HTO!$)(
W1I`$SWB(/


M;KH%
?#HI?L@!G#2%6+X\?A$








MBC)!%*28S9OXUQ']ADGP'.(\7SBAX*%_QL0*49*LIZ/N49KC$TRF:6)$_@T%


M\0R3!QSF(_7)-)AS299Z'(9+&'ZGA&$.]GQ:#&CB%&8JMYJ=+:'XCF9X[47M






MF*ROX8@F-74'8BP'[MDP4QYLKZ.\$XH3GH)($P!`$7;M#8I\-A%&?W#ZHFE$



*@8


1*HE4FY@J^_EGE'L1DPL0[:K6_Q9#/Q
PC?=831J:\TSU3(




7`(M^-

?IV'!MWX#37F@`2/'HX0?=KN


?^#^9ZUUWB99+=W7

!`0HM+V=Y)%%*
MI;F^;WDI7\0Y``/0I?;RNY=B'QKL/Z&W8N\ROJAS`B3#HI'R=]%RO]ZBA2RP




MEY.J9XICP:1!1]



MKK`3''%4BO^*T!3^.X
=RT

_Y]9
1ER%EZ&H]BZ:JIC

Z?8F3#37)YZ
MO*D5\?$
D9^'8HRBR*9#[8*N4*PI]2U7$5F






63*']*?D)Y16!2_O/)KA^/$*A?521E9%$(K+%I
MB\IR2-!T74

M/WYOG?H&L0S3E@V)FG']C$=@;K98.8EBKPVR!G*6%G*X+:-[DCV9(F6(KF



A_[P(].[Y%%DV'5%Q


MR3U6\BM*LRO\QAB&_2N47`7%(EB?_M'#\_3J)297'GT&#?;L[N59BL7-?[GZ



MAY(HP?F4VU^N)CCA#9S?I$_Z(@24F^


M+\WMT9?+R84
*068Q\W=I+GO)IO1W7CE7XCXI?U#J?6DUF#&MM#(GY[L+1]@



MVQ0DR3$E49`%371-:3U\*KNE.4BMI

[G+-R_[
-`

MDN5:BE4D+


M2#5O5


M7CA?-ID?5_0#-G[$L@X582R.)-TPY;$M:84N%$6V!:W4URCO$7A*T6D@\H
P
G5T[0JVI&X`=_E`7;,6JC^ENKV,_HD6PQ3%%
M<@RNS6_?K-PD!0+HB@*/-1BA
--24`QZU5F5M:1+SU=?2Y8/*#Y(;@5RZV(

K(HY




I.%Q)!0


(5YGJEL;)3[/%$;P

M)0?EACB%2RU

%P
M-N_(EH8#D;

V8Z&
MQB0P8\SMQ;*V;OC7GW9E_UL

X:?Q98KF1WL$4P8P_P?XW



`:EH7<.X*@I.:4\B1J
MWQ];*]A:MBL,ZAM+A%5(0VQ@G6%)0Q4%T[67$4HYOR?&6-8`JN0\BZ;&117





M[='+\4XS!W.)RM*$:T14+(5213%C#33#++,+S%USV;-@]VT-NZRX]O^PTG
_!7K_MO^_X^D2Z4[1-+MGI23+-X]@X8ZP
MQ'%HM!=;!`L!.4$U*2;HI?]8%UN&)V'ZR';H

[`NU(M'(97X0-A-G&PJ(8

C;:BT

Q_IL$Q2.B@VD92




B7#$M+($*RYM^&YO=+Z_=X6
)&^Z<?F1'5-W

NFF]6


J82*40JS3M^I'OP:!B_/0_4;3#

O/IP)B













MQH
OV?V8A5:I[05&8OMR5I\:?




9
6Z#

MY;Z1DEYAOZHBTQ*[^'I9GB3WNB+:5!F3
!E2$FEJM$+

M;N=\\BU2`3EFB%C!+7



]1*RS

'6E(*YF;F:&(-9D$PC#

M=:C`91P9[=5U@1'WC7L#H;KHQ[KQLLHX9\0(ERIR);^$K4(''DNMK5]0A3!Z

/$X-'=8XS$HG$
M281HJO[B6V]NV'ALRWH([Z\0X_''OHJ;A-UE#QS^^6\J&U*5L[BMT2HW

W@;#`4#16ZHM49]8C?/!YX&K/7&30@Q:;8*.
M^T&

M&P:FETW&Q6#:U'8HO^-F/
INFRVW_FS4JYN^JIWW8B=O583EXB%%TT+Y]/FF

J%:X/^(.O].7!U*CY^



M%4?



\RM2^O92/ZHK&:?=&

KI_G\

M



M6YPD$*



F88)F`IN3*0Q5C#7U
-)E?((OPB.
MCWDX=T&V\)R&DQFNN4+*8D[`K:H(XYH]2D21PAY3WRM



S


M%P6'U.$('PA2DU;R`XXYFX6Y0NX31+=9?F(X^:4*'+/)N(ZL9(*AK-'$DT

M:9+@SV6&(`XQ8@:AWV%O*P*Y=VQT5)+A4QD]


M4








8.6


D*

M[W5+MA17LQW=(18Q-
C


\V



MB\XKI-2G


9;!`]#%V=J

M3$`J/=VHV6
3I1



@

:YQ6V8
8.9Q#C*V

R.:UL5;ZP\LS(6%AT%G#&5YM$#0AWO


6.)CN!!A+
MTTSL-:O4BSIJNY;


A;/+K?HE#ES.%

M3GNXF(^E?[



NI;\



^/X+F$\[B)-SXT9%ZK+K=B

M/U2U+-4(.PT
BJQ95K?
MT'#
WR2=-AX?A=C'A%


#XA''#VW1LZ(%@:X89J?H33I''D\3

#(5T7N)3[4XCRRFI/Z!NAFP0R]54
8]AB#P0Z)T6-\YZCDE\0=T
MUO


MV@\(O.(8BDV

M++ZAF:JGA


M=7.L#1HQ5)PNR-

A79;'\I`*#1HQ:
2@$4-Q
'M9#:JK8_M
M(;,9E&M0KA,HEZF.G]V=_=TKUU`VZ*EL\%_1:O<DP%'&G*D3HZD#RG2H!#
M0JP/?XVA:#`4#7IVVF&2\6GN;')SQWFS`0YP2;KAP*TA+;D@0W8[:0GILRQZ
M\VG)H%R#<@W*=4EQQ=N'#V\7&H3T+J\0G@4;$(=\9LAGSFN0+D5IA@Q_T(A7
MLF-XEV;(\WO/\_\GRN.L*D9KX#4.R\5@




I?I+@'RZK&[#RHZTC[
M^CV
O&JIZ3'9^UY?Y`1[W]OQV&#6;_C]
U


M
.WND@S.[80XNF*-3S]-X5(4:8AQ7M]WA_1:%;2X5CN`OOIK\[^*/%E'M$

MN;B6U6
Z/(\DD?W9Z18B



UH@F#K-::IM`(E&$G&V![\8*DJ)0BO
&$2O2O

M=$&%I

L



MG*YC*VFO%O/\9IUUGS=?5NS3



M(P6QJ)C(9)!W_TEK`\WY5;.O6']UCQ7996:+C5N(:/%B

M+X]*1CO*N
WN7D^@PO[L')[]GN5_(DN\:(F502F






MK*=Q_\;R!!+T$3*:])Y.MP/Y)%Z`N62V-4N%/);5QJFE
)HL#HJ+5D;.L[5X







+X

O
?



M)XY:W3]-]:*LZR9;7.'+\NT/2?^6L&A;-/@S0?PS07S:!#$ZH]^%_)#@S
6C




1AL^(4:<)]UGP2=FC@%Z'5WI/IOT57O]53J?A\V6KN[00[]3P1_C.(L<2



M8.A9]K#Z5BO`T-7D4CF&OSLL@HBP4ZIZRW++?E



M!S3OZGC/I/V)^J&__*?;L]4:$9WYD3`(^S@TAI\=_9:
%GQAWYWB]-A^Q-+3


V+OD4&S560SC&FE-LMH$`7
V07F
A[#0

LG%XN;CX5?L[RQ]#NY*=
?JQ.XFF%ZJI1

M6_.JZ9WZ/+\&-.)*@]H6H\W'$/13CWP17F$SBLIF4W\M&B8BFP\A__\#HJJC



?747
MCIQ6YR





+@/+




G(^JL





M6K+\

&`0I)S+
#C5EGYKKEH`S\IT^D(F_ON*RDOGO?CWR]FH#;PWP]?9PX2

M\OD'O[_X
#O&5J2W5U4CTG9C9B[B


DXCY2*2*.%`
[AN0A=JWC;4M<I

J8A=+$MLHX3$)10?()A4Q'1\O=V/JYZ9BAPNL^FO[Y
5L

M361X
^
NM'^<&D;V]NAI?YD7PH<W'%Y/A])?A3=YX

6FE3(RA3/



M89U/\ZOQ?
O:;$]N9&:LU
)9*^*44:Y$J




ZE-;6SK;7DA
MT\[JJFY)X7Y


TT$[1@&W^:\'H7Z/?J3ZH212*?

M#
NJD&.T4V_DG&RS
MXDVT?`/5=`?5&8V<2K7Q`4^!Z`5OE,5%W5X-$9%M<.5PJM_C52KI=/1F=MD;
M5#%:4W5
N5:*DLRR1BK_8[-N.WL5;%M:G

MV$#4MBR^1T9^F85;@^ZY*'&J1&IBQVVF



Z5W




M7A8+X

FVEB#6QEAK9H*=$V8[GX_LAQP/)/I(P=ID%
5I`
MI)0
X##%#-#$I*Y

GT@8_QA.%D&I)I/9UVJ#^Q[A3M

@D)FN3*)
MC`3GE?F#\A
M.WDOY&+[^.Q2].TL[%HJ8PA564*TT1Q\N8JR+*Y9T*GKE++8
MUAW7A[#06BF3%^


M?Y?\A351HK#W+S6)


M#F3O@+ST
.IW+0YW6:(9B5.N(+&V-#
16Q8)=-RA7NW*5AY
_44QN\V+^1WV







MY@T8

P:YOFM^_-LX+X;%Y?7=
MF_Q+OMK1W#QS/KU=S$O_P+XY3B&5@Q2
IHI:1T1JLLJM0HCF$)0Z*[$!/#Y0


D9<]TMV8T
M
_(U$-C1DSPLUHM5IY1W
A-$


M.;[_T8_BN[`7`3.)+$F6XK

M6)/:V)MNCBR:5[`C'

*BE%[5%+Y4!M!;;;9]T'GE9

PD8'

6LY%Z)\[G%M


GAF^W

M9UKNL)*W?3

M5UJB9I2[]EB&C?WW+3;U7&;KK*5NSHLHM0AE(A*,PP!BHRJSY3GF%N&H2Q

F*I9
S:A_?8!


U5@

I5Z'
MO_IWQ#.]G4+D4C2K)95L%



H*'.O![R.\:EQH*/\OP=#S(X/61&`D&NU/7L[AFL[YY^*/ZW


_
`WO4NG)SI4B

M@6Y&\=N;[F=J8K=D%T95^GG/_XC`CBP-YZ/;*6!ZQIO-*_?S4$W;S[]M1KBS
M7OO/!




M@=6W3`

MB4TB1


MF=9.13-P:%

M;LY?+7JAA
TN1YV*CC&@






!)GSED8__MZM9G1?7/9

ML:;T8T6


M@!!'ZG7.3S


6EL)5PQ!CCBP@R



?

MI(R)2-J








\5V=#Q0F
=91$;
MYIF1U\;ST^='\Y)8^$$H)6JU!@)8\\CQ_?/4#LD%%OO__S0.ZUHXSU34);


1[5]!.8]RJF2-



0PV6?:

MV$93;*ULH]@/8

9MIY0MCH&[&HX!-U!A_2O?X
343SK2&

ZFN


MGTA_PK@6#'/=W0NX=0Q$`&S.[*F4Q6@0HATQF/J[\H$8@C6#P11BRO`?I`

P:;('OP;-MC6
8/.0/.@K2Q6;`I_&N-G^
D73(-60_D3&6+A


M!#
FSGXU!J6!M12+1108+$P+
+/MEFT)4R




TQ(W)T*G^PY%4H#FAV*
MD37`^A%X
V`SN+




W[BQ^V-P3'`
M[8NC4

5H!F%-E@X8#HH7]


M03YM)4



M3+P:K.^.S:\!!:%CE==M7#7[-8;SG+=6;\O&8%3
N'08CTP*-F7)L-%UW*

04QI

6


K%QB^8L(ERQ^8!9G

M&(QP3#+\3QJ7;

M9DE/?D`U@HDU1Z



J(

M(


MH

M/&TB%S&


Z;5//VRO/A#'&0?]=8B;&


MHP2VB
U?8\NM+FP[FGS[
DBNW_W7F:N_\R4J=PXA08N@53BT?LTF(\^U'^D]




M:`;U+NE




&KQ^W]K?T2-XF;Q
A#*_)$Z(%T8)H0;0@6A`MB!9'-8VC5&2T:G5H#3J=5:EN@0O&I[[J


0GXM





Z0SI2Z


M/'W+V/O^$DQ$L=!




5):0#GXF^&A70L.
ML4\3-7:-'D$G)FRF]-\U^WWMIEFB_0DW]D9?Z:C&YA/!8WNI40]#P2
V%3RL
ML\\1PP%#$\!%(@-`SJ@2/PH3


M:'V
&

`\5X!NN`6;!D*IQ!

M`:P54$7;G[2`*HW3;?@NV#F6\9.5`@B!,+(D;0T`4YQ!5!.RPID6V&PQTS




MUCBSWV&BZB^^;QF7KQ(M_$7
V1\*0IGUEL]E$$_@(_0QG2
#2$((QL3EXL-&
MY[-&Y=^K6




MM(0?PL^IXZ=B]JD6?NCLA$?


MKRHJ-T9[+TN%OV+D]HL:T_FJAZ;J::YF_$B'0-)J!E&L3(IUNH/:H-F@!4.B

MS6);R+GWDVT


M+TYXL`%O
MUN`7G#]BE[V_44
[`8IL5

M%9C%)@#\00FOSWJQ3=TH$\;S


ME=M)_3MD_X[D24^U=G56SSZ56RO+FNL=('5-I1+58$9*=OZK31/Z1Y9E%'[\





=8PO@1;461)^'\

3+U#
M.D




D0R1#.U8
J9'4\^FR]NWKA__Y&_AZQB1H7




ML4T#O.]CPNU]=TH+*)B);_Z$1^


MNCUZB




2_J[_XD=\+

Q
Q8Q'`;9J


+`\-B.C@+ED1%4CAB`&F(TJ.:1@9NEB@``*@D#%L&8V)]G
M4L-H7T.Y#/3A'90XXDTS$&G9DNU'&%\'X5U[IH(PL0@P;0T,-WKXQ7\T
M9:HYJ1C9\0J$KP`WT(-+9'OJ0?Z?O6OK;=Q8TN\+['\@!KO`!-#H=#?9MYR3

M8ZO?ULD\-*[NHO*%

;!QK\SDJNS$2O[J+R9UD\67EY

HOGJPH3D5KYQ[GP22+#\7JM6V*V$`M
MLE`RX;?C*@L\-%M5%FN\!#G;1L(+LQI]FX'%5%:N5A



M\FA9ZK-B(C#./`)W=S[/XNO%O%(?ZO
LSO\Y:F6'ZU=&D?:Q!0MJ4:?I(]




VJ)?_*F\$EQ
MV%HY8@W2'H&4:)!JD'8=I*TU(=




MG5=]OZ.XF''9]KOH^KU%'_!!

;N$EX)5DL%3UQW`\C9
8^%JR./HV

@-S-4?X+\OX==:?W%=




J%EHA


=


3KVXTNDV:G[WR.<%/U4U^GSN.@


MD:%LMON^[+3[PZ












M670SB52V7%ET*TS&1EEWR[C)TJD!T[HSTEF4%)^


M!POG1CH:+3(#?H]AE`?C/E9O


M\FWF\X#:DO@$OKI(XI)$BWS\[I\?+(L62O4[G&Z!/R=`7F#**N([F+44`M
MZ=A^X$B/E2B0MBL]YS$*3&+V&P2[J(+J2\L
%7^9H%(!HFMX^!4T._PUN?6_



EIMP
.$
.YY*)2C58ONTV3;C5

M$HNYA

M!K9L
`
SVG
!W555]R%Z;_F^)3DW)?8)!JY;6-9J6O#FEI]:LM\@V
*G/YA(
!=)]&A$.QF7;<9@'Z0.


M]3)`@I`M`U

?%`]?B!MCA'G


M)[+)5?89!5(@1EP6((%YC1KF^*])+M&HZ;U]LHC%N4^)Y5/?)M+CTC?KT(E`
M6N=T[


34
1Z
M-K&HXP#33*&<`4Q:=/8/P;1]@HH=9]KVL2&'49,&'G.ICYEE2A_






!8N/49*F^&:8FY?YRVV[@XPN7!
MHW+6I




MPCZ./7$)%0$RB24)

-Q9K\A`2$@N?!)ASB;AG





U(\_3A



M%M


M6_\



M`##7!6CIIC40X4,]<NMYE:NW8K;Q*`-`MO&T@X7=RI_:=0&`GH6M1+@9POD&
MK^6Z!M$HTIML-OS*ZVJ$8+H%YYMT0E`:2*O%Z4=CXRR!/2`EB,007^N44&
ML!L@E$T)'P$,H#@89:'6^'`+7Y9/;LOB'F&I9C-@B@6K'QCD`<2I(,'51V36
MJBZOUVZZ<0N'M1;7!2[AE/=JA(C.]]490=L=8^Q1&GUK[<(P*R+65'7;JIS

.%G8(X+=M]-



%@;



MYS\0P@.F!!07S:X(MLS&[AWZP





/[JK[#T'5A4X6R1N6`_\OG


M$#I^N\L1:OA[=;(S$;6`EN/)U
58\P1)/-+7Q?(-DZ-.]QYV2+URU47::$

-YIET6X\@@C


M0H4O/66KG-6VLNW`:%-6D;?PEF

IJ;X47'AM
MM0?##%LH*J:7]7UR3,YD%.P6U);'=Z67JM5Q,(,7Q9.<T[B?:N505EKWV^$






MC6L2K?/2-HUVT+G-^
9#CU8(S
$\QQ_X/5703^S\VNI%=)L



-P:4
2]#UM?3@=R_%Y\.LRFK3?&YLMZ:@VX-=J;M7?6VL36^0W$



M@





?$(P@SR1*5Q%DH[7F;
!

7A+F7ZOG2X:F







XCJH
6(
`;S*6
:98P$[.4Z=2[
M:/@D&(:4DK-`2H8@#8#=D!UQ#78IYB*0D;]W%T`6:7*$^\%9Y'20IL)D.I3&

LHEG*

4V
XBO+=89A'7WE^)0(NG
M^:MG`7P\&@A4(&
F.(DB$%W)B.*Q#UT$V+$CT0`]$\!'3$)

Q!9)XGB

D5TSAY

MV

M=67O1


M
HR)S%02A)R$81H88H1'U814]*(:'JC8LT`^/PV.[
=1B1F!.:02XK:4)2
MZJLSV




M
'N0P'8B=R]`)K'=1F/86!SN(LD%P!!XF?C@Q_&S*$YHG^\/EHXLY`H193

-3
FS4+F^RB(46#




M:
K!9:14
Q88D5*6I:E/N5--#XZT?ZT
H5\



4[;!Q)``
ML<&06JUVDPXV54^=]ZIZ3HMKI9K$<AQJV6Y`#=V$T#\@FNS20($(175\OE;Z
MM:_5^DW%0[QH]'T:)J5N;(N.3KYFN[AA;,US?,-6/#NP;4LS+5JD:]1W\09G
M@^EH5RAV<E1/M;@U(W?$0I[EQ'#5W],-^FCJ&:=NOUI!XC6.E]#GSTTG`
M.V*]()]R6
(FT1PYD^I_\0OJ_N/BBY
IER]KMJ.9OF(@)8;L0W)FKC(=;V/;
MC2^


NCW`HLD

!5/-V17IXH)
M[MN7*_


I22:

M

M.K:#O


=S7%4&E1`RUJ34$*EEPGTZ9+)G15OV;!4S7.I



M-@V(AOMB:V
A^Z31S(A8M+G+WP(L)P#ZO&F*2SW+EG7J0=*M6;9#/%VN@%:U






M:+I-;=7P*F$TJ-ZHX4=;33R[\LAWMOXLN.XJH.2(6E^)#:JL&ZBBXWCTX8

M7%VV9(BF=6H9`(@7E'A8-G)E-`/J/9/Q/N!QL+:`;M@^NC
;_M_3'&*5E(`@
M';IJ-TRJ8FJ7@\8;3*H
Y@-;9%BJ9WBRZA*KY!;53-OTM08NM%LC4H?E]PP[

9C_*
M?WPMQ-9]1?6P*3E2H7CXFU\ULS

MKYB:X?N!+=O&BLDHL*UFP+)?#GR253UBNA9$\$@EZGFF8KJZB^7P:GF)9S3-
M@=&?U=U?B$TU4*@20'QE.GY@6
0O.=@TV5-=K3%+8NYWE./X5=VM;X9E$/!O


P7P



M9.R`#I&JJ:JJICN:#^OC.(%-UR4T0R?DFCI$;C;Y:O2+W-WUZ\MO?_C?OG_U
0S)<JCG/=LQ.YDDQ1;%L!Z?6YA#MN6?@\1JA[#




M\M.2_+3ON*X!H
L2H
T[A

Q^T)X
M8L3:5T]-H4/U9+!=A!1UG=D)^R7LE[!?;=DO2ELL.@G[M9D]_\SIY[9]_F0#
MJX%V3G)&_MR?3
J0@'$LI8M

MW&:$GZ6;B'?%_
B?*I[9^?FA]`T^6C(=YCB2?!'#:W`0&9NEV9S!N!(IA/]A
MG^YA^%

0+)AE$DZE^[#.4PXC.
G*;J?A:
Y


'1Q=G7EPD7E=-
@N8#F(QO'D?)&
S'/
UR?`1QBS+\N







M)M63FVA&('?P:W1?J-\:^V6ZB

:%2:V&






'O;@4'


!:/#$






&G)+S2


CP-S0&







MLDL)[=V/+T'=




6YL5UV_``7J[M


MZH3/.%A^99S-GSA]=C+!*]9SSEJ^9G%&%NMDS&:
7\M&=JIL+
W`CSU)!6\U





QXM8OY%BQ5)

M*_LF+)$-*L$^#YRD:X'L4?\'2SU'[0NY68(_KRFPUXJ^3+
?7'HJONMZWX*\




EY'+S9?]&Q$5]BN?KP*U%;7^Y\[G=J$L398U-&55-PVM/;(F

4\SOG_

M%12[
/_+PJQ)8=WJC;/3DX'UA_/0+S*%+ZL402CS:8Q=KZ7N!`2([$Y(VS63

:/W199^D/&T*:`X;FN!FY'26HLN'LNT5A<
MG#=^J$O^

MC#!#P@P)

HG0A



V
M#Q6[_8RU+_V1EAY=2
;*V@IHGZVX2/G8SL;ZTZSMBC?V
/:LS\;7BUI6?&&?
M%QFZ44U\2I8V=

CCM&&P4HKS4#\8Y)1TJ1-+P3`X

Y0%0.URHP:L!HXYR\!.9]L&[

MNJ+JO\'Y17KY)7/%R^K(REW$ENU#R




'./.S


M?&W/`#PMK[2G8XT

639C`
#'O*BE2O!5
'D`OD*F:YMX$'2UCN



/&X@S8J*D1T2SK!1R/*;)
M
\7
=OW=9J/SCN/@4CS#^9L3/HB;ZX:@JD[=X





71:IK]I]QIG
M[6:W\/ZF2)'*A
1BGQB88F

Y

PAX:P/2!A^SO+`9YXB1\KSTF%^.ZD?F
PWB1HO/3V_%&^W&$_J3ZIFF


6;7`]ISXE/[E&N31





M)]^2*.8K/A*'7K/5Z[3/SRYZC8NV

M7[








MQB9=NXQ


KP.UUH)GG2J&E6QV8'L2G*5$FF


,#VFM2]*C,EB+WIP8NPGC<K+Y]-1Z($5K$837_^=
M*'NF^S
'E0(=W7-S:C!/CBQ0^:@W#
P4O1M\*[+L65(EVUK+ORP(K0
&HVEQ
M=V.X04+'AA
QVS;
$H*S\:=@$XNK2(77O+K`AA.NFBF3('\1&1
J2W!%L/0T


M3CVV`\FB::()@^%H





+@R@SF7921S4&;0N5\A67E
04F@)#M4DE9&2=8&OV:NOGFZ]

M07(T
;.MP/?FS+G%:)B[;*H/3_#NGK.D];4D-:`?7L[!
JUD+5P'1QX%48^U


MPA;&CV#FQ+BH^H%_.E-^Q&M
<1#-NM3XKEOO
MBQX!W+_BO\&.9:/MRG-;P*RKXKT3$7NOJ[TG(J\S9756SP\6AM3O;[SM9+
M[3N;G8J8/SH5*2?JA_KMXG[-`Z_?H;<?ZE?%^E4D%6NUWAU!?#+%/=N#V6I
M'(2VG6$!;`!;$3Z6!^A763H$(CY;

M88=A




%FJ@-]`;Z

<#

M/QGDIYGR3Y7O*E=

MS6B@&@&BH%BH-A!4`P#1%`+UKFK:AFK0EN@5O@%D:&H!@H!HJ!8J`8*(81

MC





M@BP2I4D4T:K7S@H/2%F:GL]#-AP(#81F#T+3R3$A3=F;'D(#H8'0[$=HBD@2
=A$JZN5`_


M2XK+IN
+U)Q
F#SMJ].)
NK9:-9_N@W?[BS-\5+4%M.)$N/`(PVFFPH9*N&J
M:!3J6:P#/Q+!6
7%C


WXG
P



0CU244V\

+KB9DIE;\@G\O^G@:N\


H5*Z.EQ_Y

MW1$2C7TINQT!`J1=$[W4=)?MF$\.$P5X0(!-I92:7[]NYD`N`B41$D`4BG

M_*

MUH'H3JYS()UJ&F


M'DDY47^P;\CE'#;_7G[X#.9FP3]M_VR+:PQ[0\J0



MWYNSW\NHN-WZ='N&V


M%^`%$JBASF`?_YC//$J)(R6

5`
5`
%`/%



7KU8]*@%JB%*56@&@&BH%BH-B;H!@2
M1%`+U.JI*VBB@UO@%KB%S!`4`\5`,5`,%`/%D%BR=@S??@AN4ZS55!$:2(5


60
M(8);X%9OW#+!+7`+W$)J(J!8J`8*`:*@6+($+&&[)D^_,1B%J:K59F0J7PE
M&0X;PV2%Q]UAXJ@,\`%\P*0V\`*\`_`_`^1/X`#X\TQW.Q``?P`?P`7D3
@!?@!7B!_&F@:\<T<^S#/A^2@F6)&/`)8HD/`*4)/2
-OW0%(PQ
8V!Z




M4`O1Q0#Q1]0U0:\S40O0Q4QGJ-79^=G@UJ@%JB%Z`6*@6*(7H.C%A:,
M%7^:!G&0A&S1%6B@.J]X3@+FZH`7X$7[/JV[PZK!!_!A]'Q`G``OP`O$?`!

MV)F`IW3HV)PX&






M38;F;Z!+?#A
?3M[[&`;*VQC!8KUNXV5.9'!+7`+W$+X`L5`L9%1#.$+W`*W
M$+Y`




%R-X6H
5V-&AVLFGYFCRQ02Z0^1_`+%0+&1




TR\?HZO7ML2AJ%P@]^'

%`/%0#%0#!0#Q4`Q4`P4&S+%
ML





B8R`%@!`@!;C8QAWI$[$,Z0.`PG`HE`


MV
47*M!Q+K07NC4*W8NTO(K9)G9#)I[BI3'HB*7J$^=DGAD*%B`T$!H(S4F%


[TH`3;X83:.J_JJ:^84\LJ`!4`!DX

6P

%E*1





M+R5!D)!_8K^7$2&=)47^_QXXI?@Y3O;N/)_8&




MK^-W4:'$7XL=.9A(;EA$7QF5OL@KA94'M*959!]8:0;9;+(A5C52B/4IK;


MNDG+5F51\C

M[7DTRM*5N(]'M)QE7RMG7V7I%Y95SQ7Q




+.

M(M];C'QOO3GU8[2*A
0%69$0FY;1NH\@MR/M)`!Q^Z5[!.=*&F7U
HX045AP+9TDI&&:



M3NRH71AB\8['#TV=E`D#H6!,!#3B2BA%;%#M%V9#Q8KV
QV6`G7V1!EM!7

MK^-OIYLW5@EL7JXX&OZW#O?A
`E2WA+[*4`
MK_??J&<NE<L^-0S@8'W?



M.N]:X/[9]QU?#A#%

^^3@-8AY&+Z2?@EM)$0U7I2MF#LB%

M2$Y!


MQS8/-<D_R11#L4Y.NG=Y'%I$@VP1'7\NQ8B;2V_B\`TP4PZ?)]E3&10:2#=




M/E6F[J/ASG/VLIRW=(:D8KWP$$E#Q2&+@[@/]@VCG
.V#_VE6$YQUJ/=^CB*


MH36ZY70XTW3HM0^M@=9`:\ZE-8IE=GB.S-!K'UH#K8'6G&GQWX6C69/.9@(-
MOO9?JC7]+8YY^5*/$RZ'J7J[VNLSQ+*%

B7];H(^L!^+Z.O05QM71.$8759
MQD)&7Y


MPH_R
$[S
F/Y)W+U-$[#+W_YS_^0I#]O+HV2J&`_4GD6'Y(B2#Y'9)#+M]O[

MGKO?HOQ?^?7B7Q_)3V35KQP;N9LL?F1!SI9IS.\6*UWRG]CJBF6;%_Q*SV3B
M]N:;G^B5JW)57?=.BA8_O)L'87'IV\I
TRW/L67%43W=G1FJ:\ZLN6XIQM36
MW_WEH_$_.XXZPOKS^JNYQZ-'9H'8*;_RV[-=9/JZ

M-)]K


-V?RO/&3;^LJ^4D9%]^ZTJ=[@&7K]I2P
MI%JSZ71J377/G



LQW4DGO%X\J\\6[OZBJ*690'&/2?07L
MW$#M`0


M;\C^3#4M3YM-/;


M?=\SC;FJ6*IFS&37



_9[R9^]Q]/-M3M7YK\ROF%&E'Q^+!
P/-]1




7^-?2]XOSZ:RXLF:K)NJ/E5LQ;/T


5^RW(B@$


MVMW![M?/G'/5C:-0(]HVG;GMF#-O/E


M\$BZJ6JNXNI3U;!LP_?X:@-7;4RP9W*KZ^?248U3F_!(

MS6;^5)LU)IB&U^I
I%J0[[9S3E0-&_4Y=

M/38K3YLI4TMVYU/;]`F/4UEV=2[]ON?-C'DKG;JT6LVAWIV@[CN!7[
]%6IC
M_F\LB5)*(HG#;/$S7_]&7OC(
K[G%PG`?Y4Q=XV^'POXBKC'.NQ579[IFCKW



MRGY3?MY=.0C9H_SO_@I0+5W1I[;&._5




MD:5Y:(*TSUUF6^K


MGAIS1;%

M





LV9W--GE?&NY:C
MM%LG+[



MUQ4WQ'-OEE&X%-]N+F'?UBSD[RA2@9TLNBJI:`LJ?UC$MU*:T9
W?]%%UV4A

X
M
J5Y#SV6[P='4

VWCOORWL6)&1+T.`YOTDMR^7KK
MA!W_\=K@3ZD=4





MF^@A%1D]7A2:2)'F7)PY0RK!*O







_B.A6-0


MBS.7ZM8V5?8(G7M@6^Q]Z1+T9_G6M'HK1MX2NP-&)ES=


^[8XO$02JA+SJ



[4__#HB1#[QT[4



MMZWCU9_\\O=\H#T*ZYBYF=36&A![N-

MS[
2@^..NM?

2\5\


M;@UP]PM\:7@;ZR1-
-Z\7^?$.;:I:C2#;1K$4?X5OUT.`0='P@ZV$YTUGC

+FOY&SL7<BP1`=^ZX)LZZ6X2&?C6;S^G*8\^_;Q_8<T%


M%LAU2G+I



[U$B[P\VE
MH)''M@K_*(['/G3]R0JVX[1.3Q1_C@&?^$'H091)7X.X9+DX&WTS;T4*
B81



YAI[*C


M`()D?E$($HZJK'RO
K


M%0S&]S?V4)JI-ABC?^2#_A]_2Q^^9&E_TN.@F_[W(QO=LVQK9RW/M%U3=@+%
MIBK\5*FMSSHKFQ9=[ZSX7M+G1T.VJ1RXEN^:O$4ERBN-L6%ZE*=U#3I+=5(
M,\-!#QV.+VGVYWZCX)BN0BQ;8_XNF\:MBG362=]5=-JG50[TL4C-

U


9[0
M*V+HGNZZBFW)FNK)RIR&B*V;=1I2C:-[^T\P=@J6?!X

M'OT#OK5!#

$
+S^[=KAU&D&KH)
MWX*6$!LDY:JF%53ML@U/=?1:NS35JID,Q[2+/-\N15%UWS5@@E,\&XQG:FG5
M,NF2<&[J0.2J#5K[9AV*7]7MAL<CN%HJJQIMFPZE/A.8%4LH6K4MPQOO5$*




0FL(^W\?10S7QNI





MJ6+HBN?KP-:5YZ48X%G3NN&KK1N^K?5DAR6CJ=37/
^Q21`H5#6]0#=G8^*;





%WIMF':
+[MJ7Q=WW5F853=(C7'@W2&4G<*


']86CLQ'&_E:$ZED6L347
MA.`$%*B2*
N4R,/TTV+$O6-<=75$U



ME2OU6!Q/[WE_(]^4U_DX[
VN#\?$8]0OAO`K]'.:Z0Q:&8?CG-W-?JD-YJ)1








MI'/!;OQK(HO;2XV6


M\KD;V-_3(HPW9`QB^.#$?LHJ.A5`9S^=W

_]K
M$4+7-]W?(#TLB2F.$O9VR$JB(U1^]:Y)N=E2QGIITHOB*RB-)'2`7?260YC

MRJ4PAS_'0
#YG0!YK
&2\%V*VV2R])X5UN1AE5*N40(30G6]_*$DS49AO
((





I$VZA
MMF6'2GH]2BIL)P`J*2II4TJZ=Q0,3WW962IO-7(3%FO1'F'QQNX(M7-4T)[@
MA-%IL\=;:;=R:^([:MU$_)K


#SA/8`SY-E^8H74
M&X;)`]\)(4V2'@@CA-_XSH=QFD<\5Q^#RJ=FILMTL.46SC7OLZ:GML16ET0

U[P.N&!`^IEC7
*?4B]C

%RP#Q5I&[`Z!KI?7
6X0+PN7RX8)+
MG1B
%B1$N_^O25Z



MM5
SW!\

M^YC-87NA\019X
ZU%XOP+GQB..A$,6(8I&5*C`J@B(8D0QHO@4*&[



3AF%_Y50@Z&^/13^X\O#C+6M=.?`S4SQ.@5KVI<]Z
M:59*ZXZO@U4M^<6P;E4)WA1O2@XXIF]2F/3;:SZ1R:TAN/UYFP-@@WK'YA3
M\PU7_[HEUOFA6.^(57:D/AD=TY$WG`W&%6'$3V\DSA7CC(W#`CFYY@E.0(


MX??

MOT(_IY8

9P`
M^6/EU6


MW



M`Y;0G7]&N+^%\:0J0Q7RXBQATL-:O%TBKUT)YY?CH+Q6%7%'-[]8;&=9_D_8
M80`(783N(=#5U/9.Q[ERZ+X\-*'+YVZT?$^+
?<EXWG_Q]$8:
MQR$ORY_T)?;O233F%:306B'VM#&7Q+N9CPPF(%71E)#`4@R`+'





WU^+$+J^Z?X&Z6%)3'&4L+=#5A(=H?*K=XW:M4








N\KSTP=)

MX:$8_+:\V?JC'8J?-ELMA(W#J+_ID'+





8KCLA7+39#X3M@?]:]+XRP:
MA1D(;/JR?-%8Z`6TJF!2#_H-;WY372YN2%@A\5KX\
[D08K3/)=Z898]#=+L
M






MX/8

\2\#Y5MH?;!6);J8%

]I;.GU.MPMCFTD`CRB/E^2#OM*

M=\I.

`^T`*Q0S*F80H=5QXX9NO81

CSY?!M)C




M
Q_/BE&EK=4;#@U3:7

WA_E-(G6!V\K/K
M011^69)J$)$%=TW&]?8
GKH@#X4/EIA4ES*^^C&W*QXP+
`&JN-QCPVO5L4P
MLB%7L/-J\*4B(FVB[V`TJI/*RWQ8*7HIKE\/9K`$1R;3Z63^^6J)S)54M[H_
M=?

M_W%V]J?D2E]#5-O0L8
3QJ'^DE]^_R:+X_@?]K\?LS?18HKKP:C\_LT[_N:L

#$[C2YPJ1



`HCQ;Y]R6#KR&K-<`MH87Q2P
MJ%8]

_C



M`

`:LW@Z/.EFE'^M





6U

M3''-


DB'A*IMF..

M\2100*9[H!&L


2V
T20+]B<



SJ309&RQCDL4X%C7A=T:1:2IIFYH3Q%0:\+,%NXFU*G%#F62L6-/
!$&S







(

AJLT=X;!TD9#LZ2YHB)10P2]71+B^V%+.-)
MGEW3


OFV`($5*!/I.`@=?/[EJ)GCZ$









M_768J8\U?:SI8\UA8XT6Y`A-.4]E[I\::?K




O(




H1B\'PU::K7#

8]B;A$POI7=\J(3[2OHI-FBH1CJ&9'9/VNQ
&ZP0


BQCTS*V_:0%K(S36XB

M5C`O)JS0G6F2OFQ-2L4
E@A;1K`

%/YM*QUNQ-KH$:9=55W



MLYF;RYC0#'G).*?26H14HV
!&7-(EOZ]M3O._W;I8K%RUJ:QYCJ61O\&*I@-


3_5=L$]^L5Z[/?P(@5

#.







XE/9@0GYN+VV8\

B?A(ZD.:4[%+LC

MM65+`0EQ`DQ&5^-AO?3S;Z?5:Z/C`L52*5B#-+:C#DD4(:\;;^FG`A9@8Q_
MN;B_G8QI3VKYE^W!/\)P:O;79)


[==V
FZN^\^'[NYN^#`M3S8-.87R

KM?.5@C/JZAM
MC?^IMF1IU4&4S@I)L5`:*Q;45-&_3Z:MKKTIF7(L!85=RKZ`RI9V*5R,78
M
#<HO
M^KD;M)M.U8AS2IDR&;A4+AC
V0JD7!@H\T%=OW.[Q
R\7;TWS)&LNJ&W5



M\ACDS:M.O%?C
;9=9/H9+4L23MP.32S]JCUE$;YN0#O'XD[1_M(0&?O0#=N'
MZ7_EX1_-=_1O!]^V6%\K#'


M

'9(B;^OF4U=K'&*T7+CC%7(A]6
H\
M5F4U:^NBR]%0_^]@-.PFX^FXKO*130V@-AO&C
]9I9Q8HL024L$;Z1VNL(
M%(M?[Z:=^V6]`;0GHI:#,I)HWSB3,+-4FT57%('HRL'L
=;PE:.F
I
98!





+I11#7U&]G8X'I
=#K]_





M[9%BL_


9IX38@B%E(A@0NI++RQK
M7L##:P`?FC+1\/':OO]20W[_Y?U]4UJCVIO4W@S;AA1#RBHCEH:%/DR_
?\3
MXTH9P)5UH$@?WC-4Q-64ZMNO
*`XB#)F#KGXZ87U;!KE=K)ML2KUY*0&=!H3



72SX<Z-9-X&2J`\E&$DZ(3U
ML;\.!Q)J%&?RO3M%^D

N





M=\^4XOK4

D


[

M^?_PU7I/8#RR*)S15C(?4.?^G



MCV9W/CH`VO3
%1%6K;@`2AD-*R\964-R)3@



^/%O
%-``%3]CKGQ$NAD9R\F%58
)3J1OTN**LO

SYH534:\N4VMSIU%S%0D/5&


MB+&[G)L.2ZWR


MB





`JR':*!*?:G
MLM[6M2)$\9S9GV?K/N&$VV&UG`?K0/`H=9G'K]
\]@@-.=1%:8'/\[WS+.N'
+]1`\C**(\3E8^#C0D;
M4_2VE%N8%#DPOI@%$[FO.!9UVWGN)&C@W*T;@]T+2$`1<O'*%C5?+Y9GY#
M^$B\ZKBA@R!BC+K<+T.(6VI!L\KU#K6#W:]*8/2S@YVUR45/H#)%!6%]\R%
MG+1=-+X`FNK
Y]JHY&<<R6=T`:2*U-U^CX82G:73#.L7@0^


T39;/?L4I6'\FSJHQY(*RKS\PX



OGA:;[6BKG[^'
78E)-OGW=*0F$GYN&A=&6W;654DU
MD8JF8RP($3$C3;F5:E'L+KG/=[5


MYUGK:F
`=T4PGQ3;(^BK6BW

8`[(EBW


P4
4H:M*$^
V9H.$









M7+_H.@I]U/
1//(M46U@RG]

Y%'/%L@[$?1#!..
M]#C5.:%:@O^!,%FC8V(UB,TC`47$P




3#Y!+
MPK97B,,C/9GY:#3825V\G$G`5O-P&',_B(7J8^E%)&AU;+%$71)TR42_.GZ





H#%V]`Z?#^_':7_;=XY#:ZG@^;;


MZ:8JX058')Y



D/\QR_?K!5N7#@ME'J2(F8$P6@CW!6LT]$2@.324+4W9
MVPBPKY/Q.'O:NWT=@%V.6RUYZH&F(9$=$,J%:4PY$6JW/TPN.E0.P$Z,J<
M\Y`+/Q8(89#W$$51'8+:$#T1;'6WIKL0F@ZF<.Z9`1I'G.([KQ#;SPYAR



GP5.OBV2^UDU
M_]?[M+J[2656C^(KEW][74
CXC(4JLQ6$6*HC!P0TB$H-R5--;^K&I0)?E
MV!V25!0L
PQ&
!,JKP\L*X1F\#3\P0FO3J@DE<+$C'J,8!PB6F-



0
]@




#*#L!OCER/8=N?TP-HI7?6H=I]T='LA/UR2L!MQ^5.P$@@L.?:
MD4]P2QF74TV$
.T!I^RQNZ(`ZX3&K@\


_.


;(^7?T6

7\

MU7\#0+*'M6NKQ92VA'7N\PDH)^LF+RR9#.[JMRV\[&+GW=GG3EP!^6_R+
N_





M17]039(B33(KR\O5Y8;&CS!^Q([7==2]0
:1


M9AAOXPA*9P]59D?5/79W%X+K:-







P
9C.%#G%2-Z1O06

M^\4FY.F7=Z]

MFR2POU+AG%03DT?0G?[:0O0(B-XPGUQGLCN/Z55

7S\;[
JU6
MD
8$
GK(Z*&%.R[F[2N6_&;UT*FWC^AO8PY#Q+?=C*%71.P-X0PGOF5.








@\EDR+N5E^X.&_/+HWBSPPY?F[6P0G*MA^7#FN3]M&1=L



M\;+M8KN]XG#L*S_(3:I'JO

M2K)H%YAD\4H4JL0`N.Q





M6GY&6J?R*AE=TFQUSQ']-D7GRG;PI%LF

M^J2QM1

M





8!(9!J


MD

8.'OT6'JL1A

A%EOU;VXN#[4NL1Q$C:YZ]2
MK
&@GHL#@`





M+Y`61$R2\J4V_5_E1)THX+DIU*RQN@9\P3VR9C]94J!RM:16\'JK1E7-^I4E


MZ877$G\NDI6CS=
!%=@G5%Y5CV_655HQIW
KK&W;M0Y%+TBY2+E*@(Q]NU98





M31/5:`%[CP1IL+(B
99/B
%B``CEL76/`#J4Q95C?I^J-@2ROO+3981!PA=^

M1?@O8C\




Q=6



8L-1=;*O.-Q!\EE)87LD

M:LK0(T:AUE*`O9LG@O)*BH??])5S3R11O%P?`


MO%HQ&G

PB@[J*E@BP4LF[(QAV---ZHTQ]I9/



6%@


M+CF+]7O!.4


M^SRE-'+WO?C&


DX&/&=49CZ_-=6FMV=O2X:)R6%A=










1BE`YT-NU9?

MQ.]FZ+Z


M_ON/J;B]9VSQ5@/

U^O3OL]?KU3GO0&7<G=FO8&DU&;T!*/#54

V_/1S4[_H[


PYUWY;(IGL87!7)`
&3A0`B)CCD`_X-7SF-W+$

(
M)(5L)52XEHI9BPT;ETD?QCVB*1#%5)PAC]CDCPR$0D8/5_+B
Y%8+N!9+=!Z




(P61$*DQIRW2)`
MX#`*5Z#GLA+'J3!]JT5Z^1B6X4U<C%V7<`51F`^((RIQ.0:()BK1&&J$CQL


M/89?UY!Y%;L5'GGAS'V`+Y`#1;U_I8/Q
+O*4P0(I\TU`T-;@)5-:O9#[*-_


/1;?PSROX]^!9&Z7WV+M^N
)7F48Z)]#?QMSPXGSX$;H0A



!+(XU&#'`5+:`XK@^]A588@H
MD:)(;!D

F9)C1$

D4N&-YZPM4^N!56*$*%83B*0_;FX


M=HDCN3/UH3YQ*ML4
$2[%8:QEE'\;Y2(HXJ9H;4W]B#:.YFF,919^%`(/F&
MR%SX&MPCTRZ,R@N*J7P0LPKE`85U2QVF5AK#&]B1[CUHWG:D*#`*X2G$W
MT`R'9/HB&!*5-)Q6^/&5(KUXL
@4)FY+B



MF5\&YZZC*ILXL:AL8#S
JSH(\74PGMA%(0THIA#.A
I3H0PF;XF[&I+'RL+Z
M



MWX'AIP^SUZU(L0^:*
3U
-.4L(YET@$;I





=Q#2!^`P
ML*]A/I2HQ
1%?


MFDN+/0YZK^6Y:A\'&-






4:BJNLV)NV`:K1GEZHSX3OG=]#=K*CW^-
MVM^_I8-QOW
Q(1C;[3CN=D_
P;_-E\#A?\G
GO/:TK/F8-@XFST6X):9]\NA

Q8KR52?$

['@\F./L:MO'K^K!
M9E*B/_+^ZW.OG_/YKS_&V<6W*!J^*C.*#R:?T/U.4&83'PQ]L
MC-[M#=K?
MW_SS'ZW67ROOFEYO^MX;Z#[&W==GOFE8^C?[?.N?M9+.Z[

M@T^2B'/'4;X6@1


M9W^X/TCOH]X33X7--=

M=K#D7C3

NE/=BI









M
J]N.&F3]5





X_YH2:^*+%RE!)'YI:FY:IG
MK]L:'
TQT[X

%98&4\]#1SA0H111J'2/O4*\!Q


M1
AX:6.@611@8B\SLG':OHNR^/HK9*OY3BI_'%_UWP
NMS_BWG_B=P#27?8$


+/JLURG
)41))#SN:*:'\(M'@KHFIW;/6N)\4


MU&P.(!SM:DT]Z;F
4`_[6DT]`^?AV9MG1





MM5

?#46L8IZWLSK0/ZD2C:(\'LH[9




(B&0$$=/

2`DW]-O1@3VCDXEQ#$+@7I

Z@SC^B
A$43




MOAE763*N&PIB#D
F5)(IYM7VS]7]4++7!
T@\HYH/_N4](/C@_:#]H/V@_:#
M]C-

[1S5@[^B1Q\&&OU.N5
LM119W/^


E

@(9

O*:E!X3CC;;%+<M(*$0$+<1[-4ZBX/@XQ`1AP](PQK
MA*7RD!!(B!5=)9


MQ04
*7JX

M9U!G'M$9H[/3P09_YU%G4&=09PZD
VIG)W
._LZCSJ#.H

M=8:.*):`VA:`UV]9//[

@MKA!'$H]['O^`PU
M`#7@M#2@NV3T4.XC:@!J`&H`Q@&H`:@!J`&H`:@!J`&H`=LE6/$PX0?C7
FC
M_K


\;)K^R6?


RB0A=Z!:G$S#
M&T98&$W)%6

TS)

M0&`FALWA-^()F&0JSLN8Y.RODL%+N

PR
M*2K86Z#MV+G%RJ94_5
C



MLF\4LR])?7U4V7S_7_\L^7?783A_]UNS6S
`]4UA1I6\3R=BC&)8ES!*)\FB
M/W_\[_\BY%_--9]K
SJ'*^\N\S#E822^?;[0:1[DV6SU.Y7/AJ8^L\D/;SSA



'1/LDQ?

MLAP$LJNIOF.;KJ.;MEY!I`9^8
K.0XAT.BR(Z&$MS#)4U0*P5$?Q+(\&DFP[






M9%_5`B]P%

T&[=6$Q
I4]/]*7L23

0^U#Q^


M3LG0';2L3FW*$HSS*LO'+!?GU2;AG+-WS8L6\S;G2I=I.6MC%;PM4IU57WYX


K^

E'M\QS
M\?!MSB(6WXBI':\SP]2EVQ=4P#H[&G5-W\+5?L.S/ZG7:
L8HLZ@SJ#.

#E.^[M7I?U;.5^Y*I9[!

R4A6
2
MA/D
&GN?1J

_






PX5EU;SDT
MN.'^BMM;0S8BEU/&655EDQ
6%V!OHKH%M

M8VCJ.@?CJL[.A.E6R:LZ




MOIV)$#7A0:I*F/?:!




N.$0?FRN.#+V@7G29C:?\?\Y^
OYS#_)'/LK*8_A[G

(P]1H]9]Z


M+
?V+8G:MBE+-;B*&U#+;TUSGC30?8&K'(/=.H%


Q`US3=ESS9






NK2X5_

`



M:;.HXGM.V\VHFMGVE`

EV9
-Q:.@.S6$
M

MZ:.$CM


/=[=]2^BN3XL
3O/CE6Q6F?E$;-49?41C#M4*+\(
3

M_CS;V'U'#;6`\82G&XO

MJ+K


%
?^ZIFMFUA5^OL




M(5/3KA
INDP


\/?ZYG$7Q

FNVA6TLOE#ZWW_/A0JT-N'EJ7NVO'%^TP)J=^




7+PD5XDD)R]9&




7
Y^4*;-M8?\W+OIF%!


6MEKK3RO#F/2J2KDLR.4N^@PMKLK?VK4HOV88#\YS`LF
MXVQQUA9_XQ.HLS*-UDXB1R!9?MZ3/D\.38%6[[O0;/4(78':J.E.2

M!Q&!B$!$AQ*1Z8X
$)$0(NJ)%]AI7UM^T))G/+^+J0$?\`IO4+PW.+@JT0M#








05ZTE_:L'T4A*-!T*3I
*;NI[X^WQ
MPE7]'\H2


=*




1_+RG=B7S





T\;:S6_40I:S8M
#OT/$2QSCR((*1+P```@``@`(C.34\!]?LOE=IOJL\?1^5=R`#P^WPV
M2^D]S:HHY0D:5[.[KW3`;-(X:MFH%J:IIK^1[[:#;U^IY+PL#IO%[_&0+J
MVO4=ON<)LLZJ5IWTKE9=ZC;Z6%^_UX=@@1VR\#LNL?'U5!1CXIZP%(R6
HQ




0%4B9E51\65ZOS
X^\N.!9[%=8&9!$
MLI47S%MWXB



R`U`]`2#RW-


M[`0LUSNR$N]E2@`;Q/H`\`L``L``N9[=1S2:067*



YYFP^`

QB/#!B?V4I^@D

8SQRZ






3T#T*=!&;6
GKLU1U5JNBKPAPK&B^FQM+[65[P#.-IPGY;
MTQF2UC

\
1866AEK[7R
MO

^.4
98V1[#KB/WM?G(+[]

6!`







MZT-61=EMPN
S8L]SX!PA%WZUSH08XJI!!Y\
#W`!7/N`2S=1:8(@RQXRG+_
M?(FJY`NZ*O8E/_ZT#

IA(7)%8
M[PC)
$::
$+:(AQ9






MXSB43


VA9EXT+\[+VZ4D_+=K\QAV+B'T1
M]^PZ&//US+GPN$?5/AF)A*A-RWCW(==Y^4BP82!5V`BH+.DY-B'[)*DZSD)!






L5U=3#G@GHHXDN10\)1C=-\I_4C__/8(X3O8
<R=#:<+3I$R`#RU@J?:K3R'#L^2;,Y_LV9)%N7RMD[


_(ITHAE



MMCL_RL=
AD+)BV-4VU^`MP`MQ?,U;5,2UDF=N[WSR%+/_V[HW+[K#+NYSL

[G^YV
<JM2Y,K:O0[V8F`O!H@(1+3OI+VI[M3M`R<B[$R1,E-V.!4.$S_DQ%)$
MC,O%IW*[K.G82BHQ-E

.G24O
M9(MX\@ED\0L(=I5H%:GELMQJ;6]D;Y./ZKO=K+A%6F\)!/


M=S=^D-%W




M&\:5V;[HG;?[G4'KO-
ME09





0`
4`
$-
`8OBX




M8*XMV)CJ-\[DP7C

+VINI4*\:?/2JLFC\A)=L2C1
2.)YXT8:9CEFB^



]2M6(H+BG



M]X7DY.E3S[NI4.%X(+[4..7J

=4=M:-_U\CGLB@31@&CV
.%IUI7E

2A]X6)
M\
.I[+L
S5:]-?O@N_6[-S5






U[
6%
MR^;OLAZ/(G?HRGR$_

A5^J(
?8D2'DVKOI!C1X:3:


MU^C5E2T.U;[KY7
X7@=$`Z+9Q[$6+?`


3Y-

MT@/BJ-E4M\4%

=0MGM;%\3%^``^[CQ\&A@\
'X#+MG`QZP;@\AJX

M'&NJL:8:R
/@AL$-$*L6Q(ZL`K1=





MX

C24V1N^_C!D&#(

!V8#DR7WXQ.@[2@+K[SUDG;POKT]S&G
MIC][_\+OA79YKB].1B+A)=
RWCWU&E
N4
]9`H[%(\&&;D1=RR9T8^!$;!**

^X[




MGM6N+
-L_-'\^^:JQESGK#:@3COI]7J-BW;':+=Z9OOJHMMJM9KG[7YG8/4O

M%OB




M;KN:#]2=9W?4;;%S*ZG



CUXNJ^S[/?RY







0`





M



M'8N(?1'W[#H8\_6$N/XY_KB902_C4MX]V'/%WCG(5+QI')O)C_H#J3_2;3
M6#B

MY['@!`?
%IZ7W7-6
GT3B=/9CQ2'F
ME5K


MS539#DE)E.0\JN2'[F8KB7-]/3.5CS`)V9Q+D5H^XGA__0*4;$NV)5
20`+4



TCQ?
T\%P^C!/XI02S`/SP+PUQCPP




P]1Z?=?



0%
M85!4%[D4%[GD1C@.8^^O3[_]C9`/+YSIUX2?B?G'T_Z(W^F=R)-)%P_FEHZ$

9F$-$H)Y8=2\6-1
M]24]*JEGJQ[Z4-L



W`0L



\I^$=''1ZM*2SL`[`[
M\K3EM$+V`%VY6$'-QBPJP)VEW%&I;5-`=:`-3AT@)W6L(-#!]C!H0/L&@J[

MZ:=?8`?X`?X`7Z`'SWM`_P`/\`/\`/\Z&D?X`?X`7Z`GUKLLWT$S?P^E*?\
MFY]4]*M)5^\!^_`.^@V\*.'?8`?X`?X`7Z`'SWM`_P`/\`/\`/\Z&D?X`?X

M


M282D&K%6=7(/V\J1I0NS5`_CH!:HA60T4`P4`\5`

M7ORBZ1Q&/CD/ZSBGWEI&*L?\5&NE!*]9`/7NTPKUQ+8@4N$`J$VG58:`




[^BMU
LQ5P!5P!5\5*;8KH`KX`JX
M
L56P!5P!5P!5Z;8K@KJ3;2N&.\TI0JBX6GR\G;ZEJSCTIR?Z$MK(`RR
M@*%=K$XDKM*()AA.&V




MKT*VU?B]]&W

M2F07$@F)A$1(B&1=87DH)102B@EE-)XI71[AU;]YC0=I!(2*0I6(5$PIF$
M4D(IH910RNJ4LG_8JM^:1J`.@F%-`6K4$CXDE!**64$DH)7U(_U&VKD'-)



M#_X:1


?-J\J[.#C

(9D_$M*C`:L;LOFT?]I5;RPC0



WQ

K[\'&T&


(^X/W_8UAFXW
F?9=^*!.-IWFIZP^%
M

GL#.Q:O&D9^;PEC+ZS





ON-@+I@+YIH[

R%1
MI;IN:S593$&N?LL^E-=E^M6F:B:@2+7O!OV?D&_I&UJL*ILFDBJ!?T_H
MER'Z)7?W!_0+^@7]@GY5N$VFYZBJCK:K^E6J]_:VS6:_;G*-&MU87Y)-'C


;L45W@XBK^&2)CV@HT^
M[IV*98
MXV!VXSL`]ZPY;7?X_








M\H3?'TGSR20

3*

M;/.7*)W]=E?B;O+-+6H$\B0..MNGV)9+EEV::IN'_-#Q)(SO6/(]I%&Z;I+M


K1T?/?9^E@^9U\T:_;J82UMN`$@;!-+2

MG4^86/.-KLE9=
W?C0@LBGCC=RK
%4QFW\TVN2(G7F


MP!PU.:CY:\R)8NJW:X0,?P`?P`7P`'\`'\,$$^ZCUN\^]++YB5EG0P[2

M?FYA$;B)V@1J@5J@%J@%:H%:H!:F(EN9;LBNDIPF=V2=AN7;K]XWI0M#F3+3


MB0N0V7





EQ-C1:Z*FU[\7W&`K$A


M+S*W1$'+H&70
FA935K6MU2MTX]1RS;JH;'J\ZI2L\^6C%U;9S:)O[(L9^-/
M7*I$X=`X8$.:L;$HZ)L-1!G@
+_=MORL.^R/1L[P_

M\S''@Z5EY]]1%12O_0%6FS8CJE*?]=)N(0=[8EV434
BZX=0F=6Y=_XSR8



`G&H]+MEI5]GST*_???0A6)M5'Q%3:7&+@64[I5XP5;/XT=]D:6/]S/#
M93DSE+[.#CX;MAT\.NZWI3FY\EU*GX)8?NE*J\
`V+7E799Z\LH]_AKJUR
M(^E

@4Z9S
M!)EIPLQ?2Q!IW?LH'?R!8Y*K_3

MR[VHIH:^91EOIC3]BTO&:_%?EM__P7Q#IBR?)/RT5%QEGN62G3[+4QF#C)R(
MMR?^GCD1;DMS(H[I1K?K7XUL$4V6YRU;#]2Z
5GS;))?PUCD&P)M0-LAT%9E


M^=G.:


AE=_




M;F`OTZT7D#U:^I2'S?O0DI3-4I8Q?KSH_%E*R;B4$L+^4X1?:23^E%R3KS0-
MDT(T^GRTFA2M:5
0B3


]?KNX[G

M(_2ZM/-*D6*)A%Z@30NT(:$7;U(Z-70^ZB^(J%7LSD"9G`#_`#_+3;/GKA
M!PF]!\JNTB9IUD

M


(#U9
8.-%B3GBN

M7YH=W_
[I@U:@!:UTZ()CB

:!FP0






9
/H
M0B-/:?F[W@?/
QO@L^DDWK)-.+FKY\.OMASNZ9RW.'MF[[^Q#Q]T#(D9WSJ
MD4308EMMG%IUF-0I?6V%X
T&[\MG]+9

M$=2!_?!TGTA[O)#F-@QZY`N5-`X@`,?'D8\Z!Z3`QJT449L2.AI4Q^7+.#
M%&X#W(:77PP92)DYH-_0_/7)7=D`






M9W5WW801)0M2

MC%1]%3\_#7/^2
'C%].+@NNG3RPHYUKB3%DQ6V-@;L`W3WJ@+D[LS?+R)*_


M(^?G853D;%RGQ$E8B+ODK;)$&5&/#691Q5^V?0`&A`NS1`7C!:EW&$!D`#

M`YHAQ&!1!1#R

)94&:+2(.P(_AY3TVNT#_``_P`_P`_SH:1_@1_8R

M





M

]:;:+O;1

M:C_RT!GH#'0&ZR;H#'0&.M-.G;&Z%EI`;6J`_5
6FQ\Y/P^C(F?C.B4&$JQ$



)!E
M+

:

2].?GF$U.?D;IW:/0?T!ZK@

GH


]CE\^SM-V6+L\3CG@AWJ07^GMXC'

73












M=%9D?%19F@WBL=C8]$'$'`9ER&%X^XXE-RF=300F!BFCV95XOBL^&



M?RQ2_ELQ!N*L)*L



JG+M







M##
@&Y`-R&8WV?AF6P?9@&Q`-B`;N62CMPQ'Y(Y^U;O_5+(Y/2==_VGGWY);
V\8T&?`O.3`R\'A<(`7X7I-!E+
M![R0Y#W`AI]R]C?,V2N@G::=926A:OU<SK,KH`KX`JX`JY*Q)5KX8!@A1+4
MGE7W4'I^\.*:9CLF^C5BL`8E`NR6X_KET5OC
P7`)_`I&)_$:`L3_P4^@4_@
M4R`^K9;I66T+^%0FTUY_B8^KC1.=H/-Q!OOLE;
/_`?^`_^!_T#G0[4(`3H?
MJLUX&C.CN;2(P.G



$404['4+LHB^
.@*W)8#M.

M#J(&H



M4Y].4SH*BWT46A/M62
`/];_&+]YCCJK0JW)@*3@FY@*8KE`)A0!@0!H0!



RE04G;3T6O4^S^#



ME=:`&U-:?U?))2`,`


U/8T$:`%:
M!T'+!+0`+4!+0J2MRR6?LLJ

M




MM5)7
0Q&%)R_?$NBKDR#ULV(RA@.G@A/5
-P\

MD7;42HWJM:GB5FE..+E

MF`9

%/=@8
M`
#LH1/D..+PHHKKRP[S@8@&(\(P+'%Q:E
0@561LM4LD4J`F
+J.*U[):@I
MJ((HY.D`KA+!91EM#]@MH`M0

M.!?_)0_8ZV_[_LJ[K`&2B[$6+Q?&C&OFGZ
PIN\6:JUQDDZ:,T#?_.4\N+


N5KP_GF@W!
MEJ^[VXCR+78R':XS3</HV:J&U])VA0.&3H2EKN5\
H#O-)_U2N%[0^$5\(K


`%


M0(6


MR@G0`K0`+4K3M"!+O4\'K-(QHF?!D^[^W$I%T8[T.



1VQ`D]*M_WLB
9
`V8!DRS@VDL4^
MKNI]#Z8!TX!IJF$:CV!CAMQ9:

FFW(4*\'$#4YK^7I;1T(+@``@EH.N#YEH





N7R*(SI
MNZ4DF*'_]*M,1_AV1[6;)&)C#.\5G2EELTFDR!EW\O8W;B)DL*`6K`PH



MGQNUFC1])DUK:YY[C[QKT9@/%[;QTYM\O#YD+XDQUZGE_W`DJ_S:]).`H-
M]5'!W=
-FPWN7WVW%FUOALT2;/FZ?_&HAJ8KEO.,R_K/CT
!]_KY-H/+_/


S;)^D;3B7;Y)YMJ93_#
\&/
M)7AFY_8VI;=!SE

M&YGS@$^S/



K)S/LM@TS#%(ECE)/;6
<.-($\I7K?RY[R@6E@.!A.%</590U-
UFA*KX
MSEFNW!E&V[1$O;@J/0D6J!\+(OVQ&/$$G=8


0QA782D#`
.B*19-MT^JS;8M?P.T


M`;CCND/7JO\)P$&8:O?%

)O9;?A#N
TN7'8[U
L_`)@(!:IU_S7?G@?,@88:X\A
MC2UK7!Z6AENFIO#

MW[6;E/+2R9RF-
NU-



?_PM^-&E,;T)\^Q+$D7#).7/
M.50*PO&]3H_8?M=S[$&OV^][/:N0@K&@[XY[-=:J*C<7/%HS`*YZH'7*#@
MCFK7]#:,^6`0A]A?EH$^\[U7(CA)DFUV8JEM3SXP:Z9VYJ+.0390K$@@VA`

M2%7_P]L[K&%ST34^B^(3IVF2+7Z3!]]IO!1A&\W2E`W(A0H;PB_QX==;&_=/

MFT.P4J9
-J?^K(:5
B7YJHZT).QT9;#/V0=;9:V4O7$P#V*O$DX_:E!LIK?%


J?KC$9L
MQ

M-_;Y+FVI75V]Z@E[MOC?LRQGG5`%Y^_9PHVMTS*
^L?5M[\-KP:_][7AIT_]



#G
<?A<KIY^_7/W^[.$[PT
A[[_YFHIVU&48:_N)

M`0I7^.DET6P2:QU1



M0V!*1S2\YR4/KQ\=!

MJ+`U(-0U`'E`WM[(

M=00?E;


/#5(2;Q]5?$B8&I\=Y90KV2+VRZJ2D?*#EE``B!
(\40W#P1/AB6H8#IYXSIY8DW-A9$ZG


ML9+]!!Z`!^#A:7HL4'\


MC+[_&2SQK

ETNRG(.PZH3Y=U1GEX
M'^:/VC0-)T'*OOW\WF$\BF9CYL+Y'=52FM'TGF;/?T[I*$EY@C:
V?O$
1T5
MLG$/87Y77#%*Z5Q(+KDI/B=3&K

Q#]J!@])]9




.3H*OWG/A_4%VG@!Y[-C[Y17.

M7N3]GLS[FC?N')I?]^J-0:FP0
A\))Y_7GU0G*23(%J+I\G:0'90



MQ*`A2UC0
)ZE114BQRF[-IDC`B_?-*J'3=)&/Y5P8GL41ZX:#`N.2!2IS)

RH@I\YA(L=?1OX
M;<IT:?^7K#$7`4E`TO;K7+NM`TJ*I6J`-YRNSC?LETY&'$4O?PE6C0NAE1
M&</!$\_9$U&7C+IDY=!ZCG6E\!_X#^J249=\7D@^GZ))U6C+AD0DWQFH-[V

;A`EG4]YXZ4N

M.PIV]Z&')YU5^.+X0WK+TU]?EJ4L6\Y+?/MP0])U!KKEZ!YQ;=_R[8Y-!O/#





M(WXV)C\NBMDI8^S);C9-D_%LE#__5!R1F28CFA4/RQ^G##())Z.BL=PLHUG&

MW

M7





I!OCS#U:/6P99_'.U1%;JU*(OX24G'







3!A*Y)9;`G

!)


M)`&QI2/6$U=O!
2JX7A`;*
1ZWI`K'S$(N7ZZ^'KD%6$V\?93A)R)L9Z8J
M0.#782





4XF



Z#2O$#JS=
)





O4M*@$P9



R:=I

MFX191`
.$(VUGS=H0H.8?;R9144SEW=@[5Q_8A%_:0&C^4(+;PYA;JO*#_

`L_Q158*M0.SP'_@/_`?^@ZA@5U10

M`0:!07`X_`?^`_^IN?](5+)T]+H'!Y^3]+LH($(#JT0&4U[7Z?^4YE:UD!P@

MIUJ)
O'L(Z%J_2T;J0(BY

?5QHE.T/DX@WWVRMD'_@/_@?_`?Z#SH5J$`)T/U68\C9G1
M7%I$X'3F+;
\^\FA=JD0?7L?9`#H`7J'0
]T2Y4`?0`/4!O`WIZ9LYS@-Z

M:

Z-EV9ZX9.*^!FHV;0%R@-QKD+.))_!D$T`.D`/D
\QQ55H5;DP%IX1<0-,52H$P(`P(`\*`,"LK@B#
MRK98#4T0CWC[J.(GPE9RY+VSC)5I1USUCBH]*3LN`0N`!9K%`H;;]L`8`&P



M@E_!K^!7%=H*&O.':
P76TEIEFOTQY3&&=4NPWB43.C/T)=7:O6W
461T.9%
M^@@(`\*`

26

MX))Q]!S!P0X`%\`EYRPG2^!&[*:#\L84)^OG'QJQS&&)TX[1144('$'0!P/
M!_'


M$

9YANFN2FO`C2FM

M%J`E(=+6!19+OV45A.!-7QN!
#YDCP]=

`*D4Q:8Z.24)\Q4D<5DC`ZVK&



TN0GS
M]Y@CE[\


M!7`AT!R7AKC

@DV:.XA'.=W[$?]IV4OLAZ*@FE&



MLTW)JRZYM[1$[4

M6WYNO-;)
IIK5_$-3[U`@JR:\;7T\1.\#O^!_\!_SMA_$!1L.9;M6\(^:`&/

M(RU7-\4=4MGX:3+@!7@=!_'+D-F&/`O

M+KX*EA3)DCSU(JZ%RP)E@1+JNK8$F1+.D0(BX9!Y84G\^HGB$7QQP0GC)1
MFRUA*Y7U

M7]1[J]*1LL



MU'J

F`9
`Z;9P326*7!!5_6^!].`

M'F0(WU=X'F8X$AP)#A2!5\%1XJS)7%%KGR!(_?,:/R2!\PNV[XOD756S!2%
M,7VW5-`R])]^%6\W?X_6'?.RW^ZH=I-$C,`9X+3CEIVQQQ$R]E?1G=!?$NU
M


*)1M/C.APO]HOC
@#):

G0@K.53(A
IA5CA














%\5B+
M$FZ]\)[]

MQ\



MDR!:RS:0M6CBH(ANOP&C:/D\/B



&`6T/^)YC`7-K
2#Y)P\DCYAL`):`I7A8FA6@<M.6HH3;Y(-8O=)C8:M8<-(&.:FP#1IP
M4CBI+?=^T`+A$$(@ZJ=G=1^]G$9QAJ[*.+I;FP_V\NOYA_YU]^'.;O]:+&

M3'G)%W&;!]YR*_%R&1+V99*6Z_DE'`.G2O?SZZ#X`[(!V51-HYCM0/5+W[
M038@&Y!-162CMWQ=+^%L



D3PI
8U5/D4N7F27Q36;J$K50NJU;:
M5O`K^!7\GY5UO5))!0:Q_-JEBPC&7#;;:JV5Q4


MXN16Q6?3R=!Y(:1M?.BN5LH@E@ZC5
V9:LO?'`%#!UEI@R'4^@.N:98`IZ



NO\

0H+V*3?T?OF2PN8NFTX!0XJ
M


P



MXM_:M+*^9F2CZ^@
/\[0L:RN:1=37LM?\B6:OKK`Z+6=&.B[^^*P:#%3N7


M.N+;?8

G/Z`=)9.T+5


MLY=.




8W'7QAI
M']=Q7_-D]'W1?%F#8I]TO8XY


\KLD#?^7CE_--(E*




MT#![NF79Q.(9MUYGHWB.V


HW9;VF2;=O;
MH$R/=-@DU_<'7=/M&L[0,HGA+'MDT/6V8<1TQ6)DB\%D]HBD:NL2IKUZ;V3
MCL$W@NFZ.=`=PYRCQQAVC8Y)=DU[O;8O(NM9:0UEF373)72E.^CYC``)FPKK

'L=4V?3

8;&';?=L]L_`8[-=NV
LBR1]TC6L
MX98PQ/`

M9X:X?E:A-Q#=UR7;/G




D



[5H9+>8-+K#TMWL3
M
YD

@KI7&_RI)?KK-?PZ#;U?X.^!KCG\1Q3X[D/6R.E@


&]9I$?G\VV_3/_\AO]^2OS[\
M_/'#[8?Y].
G








\ZML)`;TV;X<V$G<




8=4TV#)5#*
&BCY_$[.%F8-P&37C#STIWS?#O


M.S'*FY-NH4Y59





NE/YC)8\UW`

3H
M+*4

M/3W%+K2EV/!6:C8X$8F;TJ32'T7:X(K4I






MV!W;[EF#VGG2E-T_Y#
9K#%88[F7JR9#!UK;)#&1&;'LO6

M1U:
EIRP
7':B^

MYNW/'%^M
60GC6B%')B%C$,P@6&L0K#MR*GS^9!!LVX']098_*+O^
M;(0UI/Z'O][7TB6!\I+#\K:7%Y:O!J@EG%9-LGG`BM/=/2G*(EUBQ*NJWIU

-`0A60%S`Y
MPW8/*^:!P

M




M




M9^KAFWKX;_'PVUFJC1\O;O47./ZLGE[]ZB_V.\(9B7NNQ)E:]Z8#@Y'*-DNE

M6G
+?:%A=
MZ:O&[_VAX,\@C4$:@S0U(\UP;$T,TI@4T[$LG5^@*2)VL(0@\I-XT^]0873


ATYU?30N/J-AU


W)09





M$


4QXQWD


M0:$

M_L=9IAOZ\@[

M7[A(!HQ10#

*1R*P'B3D
KUK8K'DD$)Q10Q1@)2+F#QV``/Z%

NF8ZKG7

#V+
Y`[^`^N%C\RB.P

RD`G0F4J$*?#1W

M

RW@/11[\]9T5YY+)!@PW[JOUAK2CY72KB
M%$1'V[#9+63NIR=$4JD_$_G2]/E.C


W'33
7P9Y


PVWKW\_+-96V13)A<OL9US;'M4&L
M:YS

M


M]T

M%O0#=R&%KYB]GL#F4`+PKAGBFS^]^=.;/^V8%/XH77MKK\1[Z]4[!%9Y0
#M
M-)S]J9$[

TL&T:C$N?$NN/.Y6F=?[#;NGL/V6'[G;!90[*&1%_BG_
*
M;S.!+_@B]+RHO9M\UIK&OAM]Z%OQ\MIX8&N3[H<&V@:&YN5@%'?Y;''GU?I


M[15#G?MD5MQL:MKUS%?P![@O7`306$+R'D;B%==S^.#:`+ZSJFF\HO%J
ZDN








MF(OG%4CVNZ
0=0^YT:2Z-MZ7_*OY8?VHPV!&+CP/NEK+C.;3GMHKFE6^[=

ABJ'\


FNGIG%KC%.WZS&%YUZ_YO/
M6D?U\]FLNLV7,VIPE8OFBD_UL-*@P4VG#S

M
_/5KL

M@\TQ[AXOSKOK$6E,?LD'%E.:B6*QX([D'V5U6WJVLKHH)L4\[V
'
G6
M?'VM'6T@+_/975-8[


A5FRN\I!6):''ON^K1PBI63'JF

Z(+R(\
Z)MOK:)G+G9U1X5HZL.8P'\AY



M@5'
`


MF]G%R5D)-F/#W

;F9NS
QZXR4X

^J(]%(DIADDP

CFY-.TK7SG$+9%#%


M?)


M





ME_9!\/%C3
3TWSZ]P&M-H&KU$=I]_5++N!@U*!
MD5P6[F`7C'$`V#UX;NXJC-#=PM35;)2XSQM[B6F3N/V0M3Z7V/K14/+Q1((
MK$8MR3SP)8S-=^@DP


MENL'21`KI9S:X=(XG^VI
HA)^


C3I.?(73/^TSS=_@?3OJ!
M!/F#

M836W1/*'-I$55*8C5![G9ZA%'CUQ[^Q'^J_
'_9(?D1PU-R'B]=^BNV-^KQ1



(I3__
MYW]XWM\VG..Z\
[*_QGU:7_)O\9=E_99\VG8(_W8;9$JNQ'YRX4[!?==XJ'5

M8LHY$2I

M
-ANP5*!S3-,D$#(9@0B2;,@D$3':2$;0`C_'Y@D-VX4NI$Z)YH*
H8SR*

)0IX5)IP4

XDPCA)H[6


I9D




MQ-@5*@_.1&:22!&P+*:
`XLA.G`

MM!0_62+7@_T)%\=EX]_
BH0?I*%2

M#>KL(-#8\>X5S%:FDBK-5P9$]H/AJ)IF(FU8/=:,N3F;?UYIO3/
M\@AD$]59)$C`8[`7'6=$A&NFTFT7KT'UY+Q?!:O[+K1[?)2?B@C^%Q+ADS`D



M#(N=)#$69:%Y%



M$W`/'YA7JJ-!WU)-URMAD#DV:MR#P^.%W0TRX:'2819&



M:7^EX'Q5S::F;MQJK#U#11]YA@J29DI]'V28U'X:AI%(Z=!Q[8=KP8-!I-D8





M6)`8+&3)[@^3
2#UX_1Y]WD4(9NV

MJ3D1CLX^&
/3ZJ6YV^^P670Z()]/_:YS;0]N`
ACLS\Q)Q/;F`R*_*'IQ#B0




-BO`D_#'G68
M[
-:_
M=MV!8<Z<FY'C@J):<`73N:FV#:--\%ES]$#C


MI9-KUQP
K&MS)&

.!Z=U`Y!GR)&S-/31$'1NT[CN6\/I=#2S


MH.H9
\
3JUK:P8ZB.-
QL:V


MHOG7CAB`

[T74M


M5YI;H\1U+=.JBMP+[^#KCI7/[E!QKZE]E^S\#:@





M#KL2GAJO\-0([?WK



M@T^=R4F?)I
620*7#2R7\3OIU&Q28O8']8E
``8!%]@V.F)Q@TRV
]ZITFF.

`'/E0`L)XP]CCZ\6'\M7.1'Y8M(\!%+-A*
(


MC.25:6@;YB5IP549)W;GAWRQ(
4!&#B
2\]HWB*3
Z+#&4E73B-T##24`%TV






MNB?C*$3488K7)AF%1D7HZ4.3'VADP1_HUY0!!PZZ'ENDZ*81NJG#]KVD??BM
M
)ZV5A/=*PFC1UIN8




1AA_RD9WR$O
Q_'


M!!R&D5EK]'-%

M

7\]LX9_+(W0FGH0Z/M7C3/?
MD@[N6)(A)Y7(*PCX;WN$:0&1E:FN_%D2?/DKNCBD;WZZS!(KN*0\?**XW@=V











\VZ+O$!R]=VHHD
MM^4D%1?H'A=HKUKU&N#3.OQYL@G4^&UC_#G@E=UW;=RBM5VNP<Y:EH`^!:
MHQ%]L(:CGCUT&X-2)XNU!:9HZBO#?=N;4&K5ERMM885F;9NC2X.D;:<_:6M

)]3
M:ZDCE0%ZKNWV3+LV7/LI++N1B*U\]IVS-N.V_RYLZR]+YJC*.XP(MS@=JT
MO0LTCM*51M=BS&D+UWF3\L,<Z$I\U&$AM\A1TT#Z(35,N:3IW)P=HL#O\X+
M5[/G6&:O;]7&J]15AB(P=6FJ+DT/&]5]W;Y\`G1;SEYQFI9RFA8![K+%V/3:


'0)=(.R@=O4TZ

.
IE8CB.0A
160PY9UII=G1Q
M:%[5'%C#-N*@2?PQ#X1XG`7F#?9=+6L3^_;
/B`E=)4NH72)]ND20]WNJBYA
MZ\

M\L





MTF/LPT/5`T_KF

`*!@%&^F@-@


2)6H.BE5.&*'0U];
M$X$W



)_$#Y6N%FR8+,;DO7J#B<2YC2=\MDM(Z4W^B6L+T+B*
M^A.O(L=[]L#\G'+$OI*]]B5/_*67RI2Q#[.O7[[\^!ZR)=L3W#5UEY^:_5




6FJQG'M@

M

B+J@N8?3L.




MN_`=V$!\A6R:\`$465^4/X
AP1X#A@T[C.(5][6`ASFA3[XF/Q/.G^+G8\@C
MZKQL5PSA8R&\A([YH6A]T!%6DLWVA(R&B*6J58[A=[C9O7

G
M


7
MQO:UI^1


MYZ2'OM^14:]




M-A':B?$GAGA+TO&H6V]:-;.:$G(L;983
109$4C]718COQ-L!'_OV4[1+XDN
MDFQRFYRGQP;;_5\GZ

*B`+=57V7
4Z\LI:X8I.

M;(!;^J*]MEL0J9-O/4)PHPFWF%[@B
;1U$5YI\PR2!\27N]2/+Z\@F]%O:!&
M\:

WO#PH'T(L@?;#/?4!.4


MRI]NN





M`9W.I%=L(%:/;-6.F
6

M!O)MYEFJ`8;M:S93G1B



MVI$56;KC^3[X:
-V=$ZXS2(G'(AVKW/2D^C^E&+KF702B1Y9FPBV=!!T`'-O




8C]97OG)UERI)D
LEY#=V
3*`]MUVHMF;GJ8`)^


M18/

95(0(+(5&






MKK

M2W`_U]




M2@*A/RCNSCYX_18]
/`/:4R`3AE`6_BJ1!+=$;4'C)R6P*+N/NB'SNYS56

``1K*7'.
M6!05XM27

MOY(DH&/%QP)G#V;FK-KB&10OE6=6N9--AV*M!(Y7`0//#O1
AC-^77%FOA
@DGZ-81RE84ZK\3Y.GBN[(:!W'F

MGE6!DK`0Y`01:


M:#%3T0X-X:1XCWWXD+O$

M-#E.(





MN&:I_[&;&$V6$E#EUHA%SE(D'N7M/P*





-JBNB



=

LP:N/S!P&&$01'[D
R/6-*:KIJ_*?7M
]P9;U_75
MS8N/&C=NC_!ROL?0XXT*JT]4.L6RL=BEH%'W;BA+PIL%FM1X+O,B7T6XZ#Y
M=GM+#S3=_I$V]*W/XR7OE(YY.['((ZSHM*PH6U80O#NE988/N1I6Q@C)XPY


\
*\:\K5#
M


1DW='0N\F`H4JDNYU13CT\?$'ZYM1H:C:J''/(A#

N&YH^.








4:_M?\G8W:C+[*'9L7;3;7/QDAL7^BSS.IO6U


M7_;=R(
U56\&W.*N:NNX05Q$XA/G[V&R8-R@MVVJ9\M'C3[B\NRT7BG*E

NC
524N88OAM

MYY(G[R\6O`:]M`W)4]9K1;F


MX##1U('0\=!:.B5GJPE[P?@K\'2;4,O(1QQM-I+'QAF5#-=2MOW.4^N!![
M\\$WD+?G\A'QAH%QUP0'KAE&DHEIAP^OER1NR=6AW(;H0.17?8;Y';A!6G/K
M/+YO]M*`*6]C
%'6(8OD!/R`V):8)H3DKM/]=?=G$;\+_


3



NX'!P2&[.D@1YRI'2
40A

MMY^`$!Q'YGD0CFA0A
H:KE&;2V)U;J+?KK?
1)!;T(/6<6NGZ;.6^7Q=_C#!VW\DZ5*
MXHR1LA!2TT!8$U6#?\

O!_G;-S(&M`[;_
MP#=(+R#@@#C#W#S.(S*M3:6(+D$,KEG)MN/4\=`;2FD!+.!ZS!K6L#6^Q-



RFRHP=[I7`%
MKT*LX6(08*^)M5));6)L59%?K'4SHS#;)-X%A=E=MAAVK]:6Q3KY$1MD?-`L
M


M;[+

L6X$:=O;4,@W94[2E0
MZ_)J.[,SH(^.X3G#?*QH!.6CI]2J@



&CNIKW




M[?;;MC[#?]NIV'TJKKY^K@;C?N=M$U1?797E]?5/)H_GQ5TUZ$V:]K6=H3XU

MB3IJFJ.F.6J:'6L:2M_QHZ8YAFI/A;#=ITMM3IN-NF/






ME0$=*-#!==4=Q

M0+9I
Q.[!&TV-[8JRW3E!:B3R6



M_'.T-6

M6NF/`+HE#$;

S?
&6?][VK)?4]Q7S5S&`CHUAQ






MJR]W[\'V]!:F?'K-:?\6/




MF$N.Z'W

MKL7?;8#XCEU3+;TW1GN
+*;661=MRY.(F
S&+71^68_@70/UZO2!T)88@[!.

:9J7^!L



26XVL






GD&W







TI8L


MY1
1/(.OD]?TC[*H)@IUU;3-G\[!$5M+&8XNBFAQ
)@W6X[$12S=


M6.-6.^-RNY+


/OE8?XM./OH)\NOY

MJE/G2;274S1U$#\Q#

VELJV
IRM56Q
M#EX[9UR!@8`'-=7#J



XI;T



M/M20#)`V0_7^?:4#+

M?O7J_M^OO_FX
[Y#6


%\8Y#.[\.O5%/:T



M?
W1=9)QH@1IQ3P+A-
UHIZ)UO0'2:W`+
E=*IJ;L(O?D!J2+'51LUP'35

0)&U6HKBIKBNP13+0W-W8K/$=HT8DG`M+@O33)/!4R''5
B3V;<&^


[TQ52@=X@B
MAKX



MZE)!6C:+1CW30U)9:Q=;DCR;
]I/$6%77D]UZCE2@]`0?2H8SSEU0UY%D?E$
M%I[LISXI.;3GX^K+V^)BQXZ)8J


Q7)EC?9=F\^X




S





MU#2]K

M72M-(XX1MM;J:NYJ)AM-LAQJTT0=




@RUR)/4MA'
*DM

R=;3L\512V




@/0
S?!H0=6G-EIU2C+
M.!VDN`:5Y7





M$


MSY21.=0.

M=&QRP#7G*385K`T[Y\BH+F2WC%2T%

MS4Z#IM_2W(+C3Z6`7W]OV&87NTL2%U+ON=O;$59M9ZU)`VCK@MEARKH7&`?7
M$QC?A

+^




M47+:R?!97=:&MMA[JE%PK!9A@JFGRJZIS_2976H^52'+(:DL1
X
Y$8.F36N

M&!TLB@KB0T01'K*^PFO9OYFL



MN;G'R6^_XKDIX1\KX*(('!
`-PK=X[D)G?W41/CG;1^\J'*P-&?PG#JGX!\4

K0;3`;Y8(Q48R6
M1YX%RAK)REF%
%U=YCJ
I%U)LK7`

RA.LA[J/YL

MMFK*!
+I5!EOW^5MMLYHV?

M

MKH0TDGHP1VR;PXS9W$^%5&I,:=#/F&$8BN0-'7TI3@]=K[=2[@/)'E@VL34
M3(VEYL6:\CKK0$?3[`9*7DWIS];/7U?ME5(LFAB=8!#F\6@917P*(16;TRO

.(1H4LBG
MWA^FAK%70=_S%N8Z+?SK)=UBNMKH$:G




JS2;BA$ZHTG1NH@O5$!^VF?P&O7^,6+?4/%J?[6&<1,])K`A5
1<83$#+RKQC@9
MX(_@ZF



R$ZM$J9`0<U1=%)($IBJ91V]4XA%N.PO2DVNDE
M.#%&:C`HE`=%$+<)*:ON$!%$[+\`''E-YH+O)BP/!!&



9:R9*U*B2Q@B@1+`_VBDA+.*F32ZD*S3O(;:SUM[R?7X^N
S$.8RV3ZVS


M[YF



M:`


RLK_C
1E!
M`P-1-T_&^U\8?1ED_QZEL6Y3P']WD\W=%#SX?/DF.QDD#A5I5J+K$+$I$W@
MMD*R?9AT?+\'_$2I[]Z#P1!F-.S.'K.=7GSL#]O]R_Q++QN?/W\JL?\-OM7

K(Y!4#D\[Z3%F


M5FI+1$.JV$2JMDL&LDZ^^MB?W#?[?-`I1OV563I!


MRR_[[WO9Q7#A&.G]Q^:0]Z^R
G_\N?.KK'51]'K%5R!2:YA(T[H!(Y=
;VN8

GS;RFNAJ1X'YBEAK-;-
M^/B^^4K/4AOIOG_E;XPL5TBEY1OO_36..
*0;
6%0W7/WW_:*?C==K;LJ\



M'WC
T:?E%Q^`3[3^ZN\S9J


M1K=;G5AU0'44@J

MU8







M^KKHYL.[1Q9@!O](!?F]Y-ZZ]N!J%@C;5%/)NB^5%8


MA8V-C@04*0[
$DT1B\[I6OB]#0VT\G=D@8W=@7+]'LOB[T2KJCS&!./(S6D
M@LJLHT7D26.AX`_/+G3^EY\^I64!K`



M






IP%OPK/@`V`KPT2RN1;6%7GGZAO'O;NLT@_N]-
M*%G`R.4

^-$U&
M8%CY\%




MYJ^?78GWQ5E5/JE!?X$!6

/OGAE0`X79I[7+E?Y6V9FDXL[4.B**C-%.4]O

MFF%Y@F]I-9]

MT5)D*_8ZVE.;;9O9BD-%;I55]YGD(J^K[ON`0?N`



M'6-MB+$VQ''$+(RU(8X@AFL

D/!+.3O67#'0O_'T2$')%J-%:(^!





M;7LV`-IRK`L
K








P&#L


.*84P\K
MP%$C1BF)`TX9BP^A-(`P1WYP,XGF`_A?#QHAX&[*0%P:+@%DC&32/G%Q&-

MB)P$]/EP.PP^Y78;219_SQ?UM2D_)F7YT!:EP#ZZ36SB\&E65D5M/_(E+?_9
MXP`60&9WB]/LLSUD*]=PWO9\^3



&N
M2/\
('[*LYDITZO
CI:7\T44WHTJ_EE48R3M/B[K2'Z
MJ-7,%68!B:.0!8KY&*QM'G<&@1^M&)062,Q][NT%R#PS5;)FGCT5S)[DO##`
M-KJM<!U9\

?KAF2`1`0X??VD+V_J!]



QI(5#((S\0$M%.@XI$I-86/L;/SKN7#K7

-6WH$9@G8_!/

M4UR9(NQ*(T?Y]4V2W96?7`&OKZ:X3C-'36S
+FPM;&NO6;+GO`:-?EZGS0WK

`+R9*$JF##?#P

+!;+2/(X8K!:O4`#
?:"I`F$C;3)1\;9X4GF$
M*=_)=%@AVM0?+#/K'L]PKZ@D=[P;]S'DH\%98!J<TCV!KW$3S+.92##(*)
M!)111LU:.:]<8XU6_43XX!0X;<([P3H54`\HG

M$X?EFH/3^Q/@]Q3#!E#2(H!ESF48!P#B4G







S08*'=


M$RBD@52]Y

M5%9K^USDM^G



D&&@484Z4#202/-6
DI$3K
M,LXB-70]XMF:#AM+!]%_%+\
YN3*9M)8^/=54GB]BZ=





'/-:;6;9'A_C+PH-((`$B+/U`



K9TOU[JU
&5;Q





M*=L&:H)%HV\]NSU3/Y:ROMF!+\#T7QLG[



MI1@$#7;R[_A%M-AQYQ@=&._4@4%/A!@=&*
X&


MN]_KI*A

3'9S.7;30ISN3#3:IE35Q6)G;B)S?5+

M/RZ_-[W\\)]Q^?75]VTZJUU+=N'EEY/+M`0G'_C0YMB.\RIM8O0S9)V:3;
MPI_/\(+8T;2^LC:NSA$\







MG.-(T
`3A'*_J\

MO`)SS#X@ZQ(4U+(\-U?N^5Y0P'N7GVJO/M`C*XRE)V'5\RPC&6@_+K(QO@

M[/!


FL9\WF
M[M-L9OXPLZ^YV_&*LJE4VOQ_I7I4]ZG9\DL/J80(Q8I2X3/F1U+^/WO7VN2V



`S;$WIS(A8/0Y_O


Q;NAX

=?W



WOJ:YKG\[_Y+PE1:0WW58DY/+K/I

MU$UAN?YTP/5OR#
MDWKPHKU/YNGJ3MW^:YKDJYO.!RA5GRG+JDOC]4J5;?C0
MI)3*WS.U=J5^KC(35)N+6A
*\+OY-%UQ2ET#].#DP4'!/4_YUJ\W)QJZU(



MB[(E2TVF^M6;;3[V/ROZRC9#19/;!])&YE2.RDS=1DRB!\F6D
156_HMTQK^
M)'L?URMMELV4ALKO64O)5GG:JZQ\*OCW#RN8J__5';-_0OXIW;NQS41[3RYC

7YC^JJU_3*G..WOD=)
MNOZ

U(5U62@]G


;R-_7J9*[.J`0I)^\RQ5YBN300EU3*5D

R2RL#NB^Q%%;6LZ]![ZQDF&L$RR?/%5$4GU*V5=`IUPJ2\





MNR@_;SI
^KWYG!3VV_1HB705L;:Z[TUMIO-UM.C;)\C^ZNCE9J@_^WMW=SC*




.'-6Z<1BE
M:_/(G]DT?4N



XIN]6&4+VFQ3AN$!_2(3XORKMD#

;
8

MW)(^!Z9%$&'
96;

M)8*#05I./2NXKU-



GNH\0_`3])K)X]MT'H4\XJZAAV[8F
OQ=!':G6-*/AIHG5N#

M?G8.*




3#CA-V1R4M9R*.;=B1
.1!H*9A

M[%2+
^CI4;
XP^II$-NZ91OR!']7UP-?#YVMA83;N=)[O)[*=;+F')'?9-6!
M/^F=9G*)*DB+=]\I?^K;K*EG\K=^3M94QVR(S96J`^OV=HBR54YAILT77G%
M;'LP6IA5TURE$5?^'?UEN:B2_)=RL5Y6K]I];:':*[K*J#FS-YO-FQMS?EB7
MG].[[0^;^[8%5%X5_GI%@?+'),\W*6;;'I,;WM;2/6Q+G\OO[+_KVGZ.KG=

4_EYI


+UG6+EA8-:8EJ[^:[M#Z&-M
4Y%/?\G__L*W_.;(:8',C/_-][I5\Y[C;=UR!QHL5Y!Z^C.^EW(_LX+E







G1]?'9L5ZS`ET83#N!%%D&)8A;+--




M)LYHQ&LPW&B

M[O=3*_R






M2*DQ4`Q4`P4`\6^XHA0`2U0*V!IH(F!K@%;H%;B`Q!
5`
%`/%0#%0#!$B
MMHR=:


#LV*VKE9EEN0H.S8F+7I&:]1.?]


TS[`#_`#



6ELZ545P$^





M6`T1T[2&`;;`%MA\P7$@%C-$$/S]0RV7KX(O_YSAJTT9=DI?]6,*LX&.7TQ
M8,*F#^&%#C@%$U*3@0MPL:81%A@!1``HO9`H*$`%^`#06``!!H*,`%N'BF
M.5P=#06``!!H*,`%N$!#(4M6_/K/__3&++FFHBEC+_G&LK2$.2!,46.*&JM`
ML`H$B%485]3!%M@6VB^@!@0JQEB:+[`%MA\P7$@!@0`V)`#(@!,2`&Q(8
MU(AA0UGVMA
GDSCQ

X=AVPT;1(`($(&6`ER`

M=41


9,%%BP@5BIB9J

T00^L%
MM(`66B\@!L2`&!`#8D`
B`$Q(`;$9$8
&\RRM_T\RQ-6PB0BW!#6+ASCV@5P

MDP9&%.R6:I8E5HC2F,X*!%*E,-P4*4*(?AH$0H40[#08E0HAR&@Q*A1#D




_`S6
RWK3FTUYIJB8
&3!P-$QCJ']10WW(:








Y3:@)HHE90KNMY0-\U#Y$`R1OWX/





?*6XEQ3ENM


M[GF6)^S?\?67)![03V

O]`)8DGZ^(L-.LTD]]Y!WP]94P^SV

\#C)NQU3Y'F0C

N8/Y

4HOD[GI?.581*/
ME3A/E*N$

8RJU


<1ZCW^E.%^E'F$5







M3HNIG8*VC\'4/L9R
!O'GB
XD0+K]']1'MAMUUG]-)]L

?`E'EYX@-:KE^QVL8_TRYZDV/XH






/L]Q]3;


_%NI_&.AQMP

M)Q?*(&HD[V@.$\OEFN\@QH
BXTY'/[$

97+%G*T&BJS:9N-3M&V]2UCM'5^DVM

HA.6


IR5H

F3
+U)\7///RJLP3E.6


.
MJ)2.2N1Y0

.1I])%QAP!JOVR$M`1A;U$QI












MF6&%+DSZ0_7^IS)9U6$SF/[:M

MLK]]^!KX&OB:O?5K#*

M3Z6Q+GF&J(S

=H-N&2)`1.V)







MD'A')A=T.OSQ/NF@U^?!\(DO%*KS:D@%B^SE7=A@M/`T\#3P-/4ZZG

M!4]3YD#LP







M(Z(^*N`NB`OB@K@$#*.VVX!KJ_N=6GRY.?M!2G57;FE8JK#(9[Y2G+VG
M\(
@11[XB%WAR(B*C*@;]B+9#;5T@\CRZOEU2#\!1P-'4[VCT1M-^!GX&?@9





M2%@VH/+J7


M$GAT


Q7




MIU_9\-U)E^^P_]7\X[)[H@3^NY.^-\A.VTW';K;[JM:E_UA&U]$[1LON-?NF





M6^Z8\C#CCF7))2A93





Y^G_LE[39W];V:Y9UICHQW];I[0_Q2O
[6




M
56SW=/Z:M-1G:YY\GY(%60_OWEP[\4C.U
W/EU%\`=Y\1Z5CK3P]--[KJV:
GQL<]NAWU.?C`!B/_[#;I]^<--V
MVAVMX[;)&9J&V^[I;9VKT6GIMMKLD!H+2%V95;OM0]Z4(YX/(ZCHHDHG'_Z
W:]@=HU=X<ZOEVGUKV9NG



^\7Z$M^17W.?AA[
MV9IWJV]L


MCOIYY


AOT\3_
'I$^




#3=M7:H[.]Q2*




;?E%PQO^EC_\?4$L#!!0````(``F%TD(?#T$9

3



3X-=?6%.RWT4NR$?MH

`@A\H


PY\7!()?OZ2!

M$&NS\AC**U7W;6GD.D'
/N
OHO&X[
@K-DN2*PH+Z
LO&2CF*6T


=DY\U?/N]FP78YD$U**'TH7%U'RV(5-C?GEJ[P[73YD%J?L



L-NWXZ7*YHF1Y
MFSR5C6P6;YD?EG
6(2B(*U\@9&&Z2E(4S8*K))Y?4=7]
JS69FI;/@4J=FUW




O2!/VJXE:?^N23*-(L%AK@&=]O2E%C;-@7LQS;DB(



ML+A*FV%\F54IV[$%[R9
E3'-WW)Y:'$%J#*Z;``0S8+?(9PO




M%]
Y2NN'&&OYWVC?URV84=O:N:2)M)?)E5*?L6TFE.QT=4*66I@J+Y6RZZ


D?D&0II483^;A1RQJX\L$;



M_6ZR6S7K!UC-HK%JKEHQ;N#MCK=.'J`IFVO8GJTYFB6^\4\.D!62(%-!C@J(





LUI5O=

M)87[AO?H#
V0ZV7BF2`

MQ]

M4A!3[!E^@XAJ?D_RQB'KY@RT%6A@.3(6=0PU:]'RW$0_F%20X)8M%L?@GR
2
MTV%16GN)C%T)C

F0K1G=BUO:IN6CL;U,Q/!'-#F**PO0\+]1]AVP6W*.G
MYN!]%TG



23WYV





U`DW7G;&$49Y*+]^KKL5!HV9D



M9AO\?$_8B^

M6



M9_/80[:8Q7Q_'W:

M&_ASZ#&Z:!/+D`)-ES%0MO\$
TL)\*I=

M1
GC
+=#;SX*4/:HM.()NTOO*Y3_=SZ!L5F
.]&0H6O]GHJ3MJS+3+@AR4-(

MG
HNF?:XU4;]:CK?2*#&G*XQU6W+.MR'9I5Q1S2

3




O4`LL*Y!Z@'\#U26'!^Z46F3`/0K;3/`UC2%
H-PX73;G\QN]MP8Q
M%`G#0)J,P+JBD^W[1#BQ0NA'$DP@%\


MWA

MRDG#14+JQA1K$QT[S6Z27

M-C2G@FB2@=YA




=1'C&KYO(VP?[)JELCB7
M9%1K_%)Y11Z=;@SX:-EPQPEX1Q2US=6;G%9Y.^?K/4$;NX,=)='N$9G!U-%&
MEN-8(],WS)&!PJ[QXGC6?XXV/

'

U$V#WN)&F^VJV6RC4M-


MBV)




M!361);._Z\

<AXK6#KB88$RL\70/W]:KJ_F&;WUW^PT)8QRN4'09?Z<0WS]]`#7=*JU
M:`I9]9)+\7)\!ULRKA-4TE'M7OG)L#J&`]ULNE_`9'[QT04TRIQ#!EGZN@2


$904DX_WU*PEL\(UPD0JY^R47

\*$+!J8'T1A+$M\<[<$A0#

\GPG_B

U



HPAM

.[KQ-:0%3J^;?8JBL@BK2=J^J_4%5^.Q[7N6HR!FXR=2\I(


X3S-%(G2`5!'GIGP%


MF:KP[(99Q$@=W3/
D0XA)('V7J;=:=2D&@:VQ?1MH.`&HSZ@23(B!!=5+^
:==Y%B?1J8ULF:&[XT<

GHY&O\[9
MCEKRJ85V.#I6HE.TIENEK.BS/_
NUJD%F$[]H.MGO:N(T6`GVKSPRK$\Q_!
MFUN1+*D6.=@=IC0.*





3S'QL1288R%B;ZO$5?5PJX+C4M?00EJ
Z^(HV&Q

^8

M&[#6=7%





BZ;N&TT=


M5!Q325EB!Z@0VP2VO:M,%,WUS4OW*!VM3#:I
`_;Y4E8+XT%N


G43Q0OGV'W$QE^(A6A&'^*5Q
/J]UD
M9=RPAM78'QD863K&2SS;@T[=YCTU+1




F7@7*);
3;U.42KCZTF
M[L@(K'XNM(UB(-SRL.+\.NRN^1



R7__BW_EH@2S?_X/4$L#
M!!0````(``F%TD+S$_GH0^T``(N_P`4`!P`<V9D+3(P
3
P-#(X7V1E9BYX

M'I


V+



X??6/


ML#%J!)PGQ_R2C6D4*BIETWY__I@CD*N/QIK1!U3@]7UL_L95G.I=]LQN6.

M*)]DR?^*\646QD4FDWG7V9K#W\5XHM[!NFQT..\CXO/'W/YIYQ3%7$(_6@




[


J\?V6DIVPP1XF]3SG



MHUWHDH6.I%YE4.J57NB]F&/;@=L;Z$V?^KDH?6UT!?0B\Z@$BO'_X0R61:

P8;.KVF9+H78#-W\E)BN9NZ-RTT#ZUJ$IN3`=IG8(^YH7LM'=BHK+B


M@%3/

8I2BQNP9U@O+XN
C#Q.GJ

M*O?%[$M*9W\Y-4/MI*V^H-C_JY*YZFM@J]!Q



M9
?S^HJ


YJ-M]E7;UD-<
MWM<&-B_/)W'\(9FH@N15N7J&^G@T;EA+A_H^.ORZVA]SQ?`(2[AXYJ--+X7

MX@A`:NOH6M%+]CYEY:



M#+/V&
#!NE'H4
HX=@
6,A2GF`2,YC&IJ$0NW(XEA(8_9G$!4Y`04A^O0*#2M=@.[_0-8
)U2EU3FOWP


0_S

MG6D][P*T/@*


M73FT?1^'PUIL&Y()MD=QP':W.G'WK-_JUJ0C;'/;]ET'V4$(\Q1#+D#7:(6


M



?`7R&&0S._K

_]&V'0AC+#
Y
:H6HK^L*

YCA8!R:#JZQ$R`*0R&&Q!UHG%UJ]*(
MYG^VA0TN`/H1#:M_@UI=(%/?!2=^31Y/!P#[:D5F=CP.;4-SB$^((YC

ML$0$
])NJU)GX5!G&LR[0JP7JY!K(O&HFL?IK7Q:7



EN^8_LMQSN&)PV4(\MW;&0[!+L!
M@K\-RA!T)DKD]6L8VVXKLSG-4=6F9G

[DXT'3S6ITHB






MRX+XQ(2)CHTV[!8AK]WTK+
%9=W]6ALP?:A?X4+S]?79E
/
!L8H/T`.9Z9G



MK^LEA*#EBPX=YTXTI5$;RMZ'UC;ON
[&=U4^^CS-4\T7(P]MER51*1XX&0



Q9[PF*21.!`-B)B`1T&A#5XI`.+$^6
=D*

#L;^KHGWIY/2!`%YT=HX13TBHAC.
2MI+%7\Z[


MQ'!053D+\A





MR


&`!D


M.3=!&




AJ





M7X\)TXVMCTR`^HK_1[-Y/@YP1-FOG@M0`P(08EYBYHTTB@C5RD%9IKM4

MN^%?`D



I_J:&9/]:0H?;35\&(=W=KSNW]?9=E/9#PJ*$@6L
M1
)@8H!
MS9%&WI


QYXD=$\):2.2AE0`P1)`4





M\(#`/45*$P(X=Y)&^1BSSZXGGMC]N8/



`RR5W\

M

M/:WNOLS6S?W+FN-M@^]3I#HV-J[
Q*=+I9VUREBB@77P&6XUL?
20_-E0&C&

@V=P(PNJ:N38-0'_


M*-U*\2DMB\G+BV[YMFSB8Q-MKO5\T_S5K+[/[YJ=Q/MCWNF!4Z9*Z9\.!GG&

MP


\HQTK7-P]F





M17T.UL;DOS#PZ'%@+C2%'$D@




M)&





D][U^R@-C!KAL.J2KAW]J/MC'+WKZ?YJCFG

M

MFEAMUTC+S;`@UK2Z_7+U4I!MA.O

ML0*P$6SO



#0#YN]%P@*I7B@#!
M:)=I`IEW]8.4`ZBTF.NV1#8U6#+Q^;;?D=^_:G1LFL[?S=W3ZM3]M$YKPE0




AC93B$


Z:<CV

M\G(M9]()X[&*3
K7U-PQ$`8CIZF/ZCI$CC)R
.]^9*J.[(1!58#45)8Q*IV6

K\Z-


K)2C$B
M

AZUCXX
M9CTX&O_9TN`


MFKM-4(&R@7L!2'



Y+*\












MV7L'K#=/ED/C
;/`]<%NDV02G1H



M
&;!0BH#8-O8CS:HF&+($8JA(UC9L)1G^C
)?KKU\S%EA'86@MU35%PZ3006

!E/&_K%S)1]6\\7U_
?L=ON[/3T=CIJC




MCJYN/G^K-[$W6'[_L5SL3\OI
6O%&
:&`C`P5G.AA.-/&(')\UE&N[1;3L\

M3K;%IOZ


MP5DJ$`4?-T`
#=T
D5+ASKT960-Q[I=2K$.C



&#T32:R=@^(4VFYCJ


B@%6(

XM?
LC'()&IS'N20A
Q$F%ACJB

G$
(OSCKQPG:SG]N8H3SGY__7KX

M
6T%PC(*%EO
B248:8L3DIJEOJ:\6
)N[_H$7?EW*'`['G;G5J2`Z@!$1M*







Q\V;+R$:2QRQ)GZ(.$0I48X)8_%P&PTMPQE!\-44XW&
M!AV,-]A0PS2FVBL6$.7=CI


JJXA
MN3QT+DT&SB$:6YSU%QN-Q2+Z%]CHE





M9&[]EN+Y7

W3
736%5@C/:

4*(G=Y&3LO^O9ZO/?^]K_YDQ7
M*<8%54%@[E@PCFBO6E0\AHG51SJI1.5!-DU!BF_?Y[SD35A1)B$BX&D($L1

D;I#BEG(,AI2G-5Q&N2,!`OB`23J]
KS!16*9
MYQT5CT05$Z8




HX+`AWR-!`.'B2BD6T2LS)O`2.\D=;@WS8_?$I









GK_\9=E.E
MG^DD-TIC+3U_+I_7Y4-MRF;UZ=-\$X7P9?ER]V+'=:C5.PMG`%66.AY/Q\/@


MX[W$FD4Z4V(`P(?4D





XW=Z&K30;!?G<4
MXY&D$PG^_CY:*&81XQA2%N9=+91T%M0H,P<3MPS[VBLXRTX.A65C@WI1&Q#O
MY^M_$K89ZF8%==3%@@M,(L.%@]Y4D/##1RJ:DBGS80I6$J+?8E$C(<Y`+`/

8

.2U;`23P:Y7Z!H
G:.F



TEC=T3#1.!!43&Y^]K(E9D!EDWWU5E2%*




MZE*H4UY$B]:%4Y8*AXCT@&*L
`

6FZ(+H/=9U1P
MC0D.?I%&RA`%V8ZUL0V/T

X\U\]O?VQ&RZB32O**1C



('02X]/



E(9Z

+]J/S+-`
HO3-4UF%R.=S53[%-3#ZOQ&0EC%%
17;T6K.0N^_9#^3BTTNP6S&S)6/6PD9&B
!$-[$
M\R(0!'=-L@8;M-XC]TO:+BV17`0;0Q(N,Y4.5=9I0&#EAB#4!&$]7DK+%5
M?+J+7]\*;5U-PWZS.5R:US%V

A
MF.`


M:RV#:\R


[MV^S:


!U/!VYX6P
MCBM+H1$U&$:'_BE:0[*O3G794


V'BQ)GZ^EG[F1&Z/DN87``W%0
83_&14G@_6Y\F




M]2(X0S8
IQI)+IFB$_
4^\D7901H+-.X_7LQ_[C=XXB]WSQ7RP3SV/^2PC%&
MA


M?H&$@Y%9R2BC@$%@

O'LJIVY=V^%T.[
M6;84\
G?




I%DZG+JIGY5

M`C&E@S5H+S&#S
MF

<*!`&2*\M%QC31N(!21I1U8')A6W5F\7HE$W
M8Z53@*5T(J%$((ZCA&
/U92VDDGS##.(_RNO!*TKZ5LNX+*+1*`9Q=OQ@


MXU/=[\VDQXS8#


KQE9*A:B#VC5%K**(A5C(-R@Y









L11(12(ZSIOV#
R31?M






M1PX22PSUYIX[6*







B\/$HG]GR*31

M)
(_*XR)

M



5D9(9I$+-3;6?C
(R[LQC7JU7);U7V&#_S@;[PUH?*=E80GU'D`?U'Y(C&9<0KL='J%D
M8!&HN;N<H)RA@@#/9J-YN/RYKXL8^UW-9E



M9:UR@CFD75C1D'`
-=

XS7I



-2

@@9R@%%[7U60U





4K;]SNKYIU1/#K!I^\E
MQ


.`'[[G8][\[O6(CLI8LRC'_W%7?0DCGVZ6




VM58:8()I
IH'@


MX@P\80$*EN;=D?URKT



ML6$C090Y[JG3EC

T+S@=
9\1NSZO?R
=:CF-_%
M2[N=*_*^+H5SE'H;)QL+LPQBA8V`Y)PJ!1


MR[SZ.K\I1XMJ7DX^+!:K=\.6#O8I.(+


`Z8



#XT.:C:R_K)Z/QL
C`81YPA47\

M:57_


G/#'L

M_GUZ=W](.=C9IZ`
(VVQ
L&L94P:(3S8SL\RU5?Z@D'I+G0.ILT'-PI]O0J
M9+M-8=68PT0$LMT6@[QS!].%R%(0-O;23A))Q^3ID8G`(Q+%'H7P0.+Y$'
M=HQV#RB,04XJ3`UQB%.$(.L66(!'F1^_*ZWCTZ@.[?01

ME=
.2J-C[C8AS7;F6#DQW!TF-[5'2


(M:I0PIS1#GGEJ%X?;^=/P1\8.7^
MZ?=`71

YSYS378A'ND`

M]YD[


WH5
M%'!


M3E?








MJP]/E?'


M$6?

#W_L#<&DX^%Y
M%P*RWB*&:S-DI0?*L!;:V1L:45D7^-X&
3(O




M=IG#;%*V4V?@(1@6$5.90?XK]TRSZ)M#K1$EP'*I4(



M8(\G1+:TVFX3!OXFAGYFJOQG55]^5MVJ[]5F\;EZ=NUJ'@4_UX-@#3!QSE/(


$(
HF(.*
M/\]2_&6SWHZ2$7&ZM4`

MYO?]IAKUY-CIUD($D'JA$

MZ/?L2N!:
VR0X
;&E3WQSI
V=A4_3\S_!?_$L3`M-44
E
Z9[]MRLW\GA^4_
M!68




4!:




MV@``$R3M^MB2

Q.]3\LM__C-U6]75EMJNTNI^H?:SMHI8T&GB&


L4F)AP?N!V[)*=?

M=[PS9]


AR(0NK
SZFNSD*




%*S
:C.%@94FE

KJC'07M!W2Y.R[W?VVK


HP:`^:#72$8,;[8?#/9IT@9A4B1]

V/%!X=Q_MQ]W]\M#^^52%8\^&V`^*C(_&)=I[*A%4V!Z$E5YCE;8O


7CB$E
.:6\BCB\+$X^1%(4[+?.F_2SF3J;LH

M:K+?+;]]7+O5;KG[T;G*Z_E+P2`C).-(5E?=F:X5BT61%M6GJM1BG*LIP#^
MGZV,Q3A._Q`=S*][[N_JYKZN)?7^TZ?ES1E_[OP+`0J-+,'.4:*CYX*54;*1
M3'A26!+A:+RM1P`K2[)'0H%,SO=;T-%GY8(#+:-4MI$

@
MS*D(?0LH(J2YU])A*H2`&DGF52
)E]26Z]:D$7*^DF(:&G/FMSA/80I:!P=7



M!!Z.



M(/:?U?+S79R

M

M'&S!OA[Q_J/ZN7

+C?Q!RIY'CDHN&4=(XEW/X&UDY5F#M[2

MMIZ'_G30!F)+H/%204
-UP*3UN(XGKC:?HV[SIFA3DB@[=5#M]TMO];I'/Y^
M=[^I?AYVIRII7[6-8*B#SAG
(_@&64.P;!==.A*5IGVO:9]X:LRG5L.#8]1N





6=[M`VT*_!X942R5!QY/%Y[
M.




9H\^N%^*3-%;QY+VK1?J]6M66PV/Y:KS_M_O_]_]JYM
MN8U;V?X2[I='``WLN




M:

MU\4R?F%9W'W?Y/:F^)3/=^MU1-'.-HO-))SMA@..'_A]5:Q_&G\KS[N+[\G`
M





M3`


MG#

MH@RB%@:E7A?O7?FCG#[TNT@:\=JG2_NQ?1*(

M\M(;(MWSWLH3ZPCWO^^


MH_99D-1ZJ34NKSY&'Y
H7
\29U`:J7JKC3:-E:@/9(=@U!-H[5ATM$V&49PR


!YS`V+TF)PYCEL8CQ.HU1OCQ]-


EE=;)$$^\D`%


X@*\+Z4)I[


!<RO2GE_H[1BP.VWV`$X'6JUO
MF;=2ZC]:98R:


M=4`!7^3K^\=6^G[9)--Q8%02!IY[YLL:PA*J\(K&(LW(ZNW@JU_E7@!
!YK\
M4-RMU@_[QTF^Y/-OQ6JY:JG8$SUDEAI.0X1$*6DETE9B_!Q&2RRHU-M94[]Z





MT]1Z!7&O/N#I1K
?9^O[/$&S/[?+F-&
$.N)



[F
M_\EO7WAXY]1^HE4FD3!.$^:%Q$C9R&19&X?

'O+U?5GF
M:+;^3[[=--!I@U898CY$TT%H8H/4QI4YP'5`3R;ZOOV]K]RQ1]0I.(-D%*S6
MWU?K*'M9N;C%M#[9+A/2(

M?:;SHREN_[7Z$=V^
I/R+`U.MLLXQ9H[B$:F!8&BR/993APMF#0:7$$@K`]X

R5+NE+&G0'J/=?4U[ZAT3QMIR97
;-,N$
CP(#$V4@#FCI0)X`=_

M*2/D2J);G6(ST








)E3?&/3=I&U4=
M\UQ3N#
OQE\G?[M;%S8LSE
_;Q7+Y6[Z\;14\/=M;9I2/*SNAG''I+28@

M:4R%D%0\+85MY+/?`1AV&8SC$.V/730)9IM\\WFVS

TVQ)-9P';AC#@LE


QO*-M
B$!I`K*:RH8PD%8QBOY*-$3


I$!#@]/Q;$_';/O
M
XT_%.9AM2NV)QC0MJN

MFOD\^CBG(J
)O652



M

:O^=;


MAE


M^(Q'#*NRK

M^/KB^R-.IS`.N=8\I82FK#5'6F9*:P)
E`7KN`#$L5+U5`%*TEYZZRUL-.):


(&0!E%-(*0)&




MFE

L/ILRNJT4CJ`2@?2&L^BU6MME(S)2AIK
:M,^H84QAXB4X1[QQ.A<R4W`#4:(9)L[U4#H`YY1



X#Q^





3*4(D9

X)4T-H]+Y
=
:PPTH[5D^`J
M
D'8W`:Q


PD`\T(SZU`]&P5GR_K72WJQ#.!QGWF_V5!QE;
M0HA7C`!LD

4

H

U'R6L2EN9RWA.R'%1D(M%6Z]OHQ?/F$WH6&9UFBSNA_(
ML;;N
V6Q]8A3+TQ9SI8'Y;+1*1W4Z8=D3




R
M8;;

7HM?=909:`#R3BJ%@6$2%BC(B2

M\#4O$W1S;




MQ&C+F''-DDU%G!EBLM:60DX)9#)K8&CT:]7]YG$4%M$$7/`2VI8%+5J#GG



53?KK.JPI=R^&VL6ET;V3


MB!5S$CLME?'(&4*`A-PK%7Z1HE=D;%F_IM(H4

M


M#ZT*PH!N




*6&QE)`A'G9B6



.-LL?W02M86^Z'

MR6B9XM00CQ7F2$I)I13EI#52/ISLYZIZ
X65M+

`6XVM-3#TQ5.9

DS
PSBO*^47X:X#S
MX?#0*L3OGLL@]\`HA;P(2U-5P5K[
`\-PM86UJRYB@UVU

3JT]FYAE%C@/F_[/&UFLL&9?(




^D[LZ#N0RF=]X*R\
51'L[U
M-62


5X!U25H


H(]H](F





MW


LH,YS))`
M`;"OLS-LKJ=0V\QM@K#5#H+.!^GN8X-*^9/]<5H+`0;9()4'`40V4)A;S

MQ-
-
D@9U



MU\R?ZS)3+D2;9

)F2L
=
M)0@)CR&R7(;WA&-[/7.(XJ*QEC)3QHAQ-&P2

/8U+.G4


M4W?)N3D[LV9

MF@_K/]?;0_^8GTZ]9AI03UQYIPX*'+XCZ;BM

M?$*[W4V1?]KL2Y/3R
2&,(-]`ZJ`-@-5Z*BS@U+H446G-2<`BDJ5+P7;Z]
MG9%K[NOY%5F6BHRK$JG16BT9IC$ZDD+1KUK5P&*JI<O';]_5VL_K/YC[(



MK#J$K$54>5`/4'LW6SW.\XK\`#GHP(QQXFPF?`+)5(_OEN5UR!:8K?:FF;



M6$+QF!JLY
C3NN5$])9Y!(QAF$NN@[H/B:6:UI@HU6Z^LJ$\A_M$&X_L.Y
M$IOD-)_+IMI@HXC/B[]6Q=V;(KS-Y-M]L;IMN;1_ID46Q@@8D424L5O``.5Y





M
R-K;M4B#;J`9QRT^%+DJ_#_?TWFF_SRYG.^_N7O)W'FV.1!V\:0&2.A
)R8




O_RZ=O[F:C\9EFS!O%M/*.0RJI-:Y2
MF+14:5EQ8L1[VR4\0X5W[P\A


_[ZI\XJY`^+_-X/K(SBZ2(6_!G%/-D`<T0M*
M&_C!&,A&<V28*N,PL)0'8<M[&$NPE4M2QH^L$'O?^[CL!]9^CK:Z;^!D/EE,
M\\N%GQ6KL-#%[#%HI)/BJ16A\;W),TD-M\8:#`0!6A!!L*\0TXGIJ1T2<7QZ
M3EO8CI.-W_+XN:[H^&KVS!N!M!($(A#;$Q.I?7=*PC27+2=A7Z
FH^G@CM.


M^\
S9)V14(,J`I'I@)*R'+EAN&^BJ,==(NUM7GO-K9M#9_1.KZZKR,1]$A
MSC#6RA#&'2=2ET#%2-



MB$E7=WF13V[6!XN\-)XK\]83#B@C#H+@N@H9?5F00G3_/Z=95H.RZ-DV$9$
MH]/)DQ'FL


SKHV5

!*1;WQ
MWG!1@HD\Z*O.6:('K%6Z+/O'LP^AZ*UU''-NO#LFZJXL!@S8E$6G
OA2G7

M*)=`$6D]CPJ*KR0)26A:A$_7+5

M'[:.`[.\?RCRN[@9C_G%8KJ\SW]?KE87VS+]/IS]DWET]392QCIY@@QS+;Q0

86'=!PI%KKVK)X4B-\/K[U#D@Y%TC#OD*3..^<4C;UF
M604FE&D-LD85BER;+JV$(C?#\^







M)B1!J%P?

6H(LD&\_RTL9Q4%VGRE
M\YMED5]-?J3FC#3\FHP;X3&QR!D66R%Y;2PO403*]5;5I$VM+%6^&A#8
=/S

X)


4J]5(84ZY309K637IH







M.\B
UB#Z:GF?)_?Y$:/GNV
R0V(U!&HLEDA@[(F`H@1%6)H6GMZ;8?/DK5YV
M@U

SME



AH;*FL0+82IJE&G1E!VZ9+MV@-(MVL3!Y8





M#Z?#-!:/7!EZL*M)7?H=)T_;OF'GG^`@F77:(:&YA%I09NQ.R=#*(:^/BT#G

V$W'!;.E-AH@])\5@/G

@$C&DA78Z+!G2MCJ]*?*
MISG5!^ZWVA


H#



MA'J1Y;%J2)UC0S-OM;3:!Q658(5\T$R!*U=K$$O+%.W1.7(J25H&:)B+YY6N






MNU_Y*3)CZU267$IRZW]_0
FD'5LB*9$:)_]T1V`1*S9@@
%@8SZL=F6\SF


ML[*/B]F/Q3)H
M]\7J_FNS#?KII

FGH:]T[$58M-
M.)\-;A_'CR3HCQ%ZS0'29Z)-Z!IOGYXYKC2GI3GQMYI@B'3NCZC@0S$55I)
M.M.S2Y[0SS)E7G(%3DCTC-*;!B:
(H21[0V%1XBN#!Q4^&[.2T;%KZI7&CX

W36:K_RV&?A
M]89N

4MA=S6-
M]O/Y@5!








L6`$*]H:&#2R5*U'+;\TS#AGE@DK


MH_PJ`$EJGJ0)YWSA&IR?7`:*3P!7X=Y._AO:UT]*DN
M&38`2TX))
I*3

2*4TE';




1Y(R0W%W)1!:ITWXX_-


*M=+A)_MD
MD$J'0/0.450\!-061_Z(!]F$SW4*2GOEX%U`R+T/NSA








MS99?B@^KGT7^URX

(




-8A#)T(LP%;W;!-G*`/-M7A2[NSU)L+]Y
M\)0V\LO/VHPKVSYA)Y%/RZQU!-LPWW$@C'$.
@PJ

W`^)8]=$.349C
M
49';FQ.]EN^W`=`S\+

MD!P*J9CC7D`)+&I=J

RIPT(&SSH%0A3JD+2


MBRB9+J\ZAMH:+*


F&72*6RJI


MQ?QF%J:

.$?T4#$YGJVEN$K0RZ'1P9
MMXC)XL2(ON6+VQ^[8G,X=?F6S_/%_='8S;.?D6'DB1-.`TBU(@A:RW`EDL$B
M[I0KR0HPBF
#=BEF
7C&UD]6Y;4Z9N^BVX%E58J+K$D%%.!J#]LM@VVRI-6


M.TH%C).0$RW#?N(1-J)\JJNK?6ZM=]9\/&5V'DIO@2BAILQQS!&7P&%@N7*P



FP&&F4D
M+#-EN6I/$F3E&L5YD2FOP@]J`='`7
P(SE5]YKE37I7!-%!A@&&8*&DE%Z.1

M/@PF%])ZU_G]=+\
44D]!]Z6_!+QEC$LZDG
L[@B#BGOU@^H^VA8+OO1J]55







MPK=:MMFG
][E5T^IG%O(W#0#R`CG@!

MA)

1
`.L
-T



M4YHP*(



\HTYX`2I0GP#F!GJ35

M51JQNDKJ[4!_S%)8PE

M);$%]



M]YMO70ZJX)-


MEKPZ







M=1S98-&4Z3WF'1(5YB$&3-0
$0XX@(%KVA4$O
O




/^7O3JN87QI_4JK$';QT^+<AD;@$51


M[CI
&(08VA0^!T^4H!PV'4)0$89+-K;7(\LU8E=AQ&PF--8(QMXQHW@&JI:
M&@,2(S7C=QWN3,+QKL.G23_9O+/GK^KC^JI:?YW/VIJ[O?=XX:0#W*K8^SQL
M/\'F`.(%N=SM6CHTW&E



5!/

MA^6J/QY9
L)&N74FA`&$


M;(0#0PI#G/'.FO`%

5LBYJD`9/ES/KC3-O/KX?&%
(C0[4)WU7XDVG
\8M\




52
M.



M)$II.&YR2@1!ADDOHWV)&2+:$4/1Q[2#L!/IW#2::CD8+O.`W^JB;/9`WY\
MIS\PH@#0.R@I-#)F$5






!0.6FUT-0;CQE7/$R?6:01ICR-Z/$JTP])]/#P



R&*]*UA@0#M):[(R=;G(6\VH\5
^L62]S_[V\;\]*./%-


V1LA`X93GE'FE;RPB]X=






K5)/%,_#2T(,,QS85E6GDO$$-E(*+M%3L
MT3:8,VM)$F9GUA`UF^WN8PY)=:WN8R?I?Q_*TTE_60$=DM;K``05LFPU;H&
M$0-

M+:?OW/IR.F(Y=./7Y3
+^TE_69?7U7VY_NO8=G1P3$$TQ]P[0Q2WD#-F$/#-
MKHM\FC-DM.2_+!HQ%%@)Q]LW/_I3+*S/52:]/V'V
KZ\_66UNOY[_I*/].XGWCZ\8`9Z
M#X*Q!'E06,Y<8UWT#N==G[E%ZD;(^(VC:S/7Y<Q0W:U#O\\:RVG'WK$'
L;

M8?57M33:H5RQA^

?VIG/U5WE;7OU7EMI6J
MXX,*H67L2J,11(A8;1`OA&<^;3@QG@7T(=A;E!
$HB
7I9-;%G01MZ/#Q8:










PQI=[8(&

M%Z`



T*





M=)^2P&M.7-$#4?#,Y9UNF3NXB\B:3D`OBMH[;HPV'_E-;/EP^[YN/'.__G


M*\U+TZ5[H.YIQ.BHG#7&$A8`D`_4&X1$Y01U;3=,X6$YV+!OC1P-8*5ZV\



K*[R9

O=J-P\T[VU9L6UM
M27Z4P*L&3W[:_/$I!?V'E__B


V$\`8$!J&$H:&1D[S8GR+Z026SND4X










P)8(RSKO_#!C?F8X;%Y1R1YX)0I0SC5`8-JK::
Z_5F:^9V

MQ
K*/.=UZ03I_%M`JY



M?H#Z/QU^F_?C#\U'OV^.V_3'OU!+`P04``````)A=)FE95*BYH`0#FL1
`


_.<VGK3`
SYN?;C]:9:]]D%[6

M3
JL6%[7:5E?IK=D174T5[LOR=WKEUB5Y;
K

MRA[6*^K/^9@2BN7ZK5)J^QX:.
RB%?#R^H6O`7^N02M9)?7E*UZ/9FP_E2


MIERTK125QMKG5NT_=J*
7I7Q6Z_K?W\ZWQ7FN8?%XK7;HI%SEU:WC::NX%2;


T*I#(

RNB(+0G7<KDBKX@:YH8=97-MW

9L&T#7:V9G0:GPYL6W
MG"3/I?%FI3UTV=ZE]44C*P7N6;+L8?Q312$5NPYKHE&56G%AF'S]R;#
M*&5!-3.KUTF?-::TZ5ALM2KDF+I*X./:2?P7XYP&Z[6PC]?*`18JKXV9L%%]
MN0K-M[$@._^S*);?LM6*AK[(:WKW9K0+:N*O!R!PR@*;!AY*`8VI7=H60'N


M3$OOO:X#=A

T_$


15YN2[9AJPQS2//%#VW:195MA%*/0<Q**]BXJ<CRNU5=%H30S





3@J%A=-<R$
MCTJ+]&)DK-HN;C+BM,Q9^M;/I+R^3TMR.08VLB/7!0XENOZ3A`XNUQCV`V%
M=L2
C:69B+T\@^HS&H$*&3C:9S[^36FQ&/M4N:N%=F_8-D`Z58;/A'+*BE/H



V&#K/K#):HQ)O#O'J5W
MR
BP.IC0-,32KHK=&'-7&!:#:&MHM4CO!.


M!V;&1E$U1]A@Y0)?+NA-^OUJNF*I*MN5S8+^H$\W)+R!II6S-Z,5V
8AO9




MDE2RZJE8

JKK
;C=
-OO%=5K6V2);ITUB
M3-+Y1H-M:B
O:N.)QB-IF9/ER'28(C5U9.9!2V7/8!93[D*S4^)^+B;2)M


!/R+CTY=?

7X_
E_'BM\HB)4;7!Q]995(08:-\\@J*7_0R[
SV!8L#B

MV);IABY]?F.$/-^?NA'VV#0@5P'P8R+H'N%M=,BMWETC3!U55M?@DNL/):




LM^\_@

_#A#`

MM[!US)VA&9^QAL[D21I?CL/Y'C7&R#XY;9(Q+S1=A#`PPR#T8Q@@S[*;6(F)

CF93R3HHXZFT;1YM3I0Y\Q15^RHB9.$_")9AFXR
MADB3A?YVLXH6Q7Z`+-
/S
@S*=5HA\#LPYD@$LHH)AMC:KXP89+KYK(NRF%&

_P21XSN[



M=I@EFMU)W..YH!2X^,\62-:B&'.2%GE6C@`RF_DA)^+4GSQF+3L;*]`+G0
M]3&(P\`UW=AQ+88RA

J:







M9/37V
]W55=LZJI.\R5+8+J?275DPE)A=_FF(136T@RZTQH+=WSZ0KF%
DU@
M'_5C43ZDJR^D?


Y-9OO8%FZNCDLW:9
Y+]^8W1'2INA^8
FZ



+#<K\ND.D;LL)\ONX(+/



[)!_?#U4)34P.SXJ*M;Q'J9VV3XN&J\IN$_W;%ID_:<
M@P






][V)Z*;
0$G9/P0!96.2XI^28
+T&TV6


B?
H+P=&@Z);X:.PAA.0-)\'3TAI(;#&=A.6


MYNB@*A*UU14#H4MAY?GIZD5XKTCU@3G3,GL=V
A=/8:8W:8]_^)?.:0W1Y


&0L3@B-

M.4=-
D


#\ECYYWQ]]VOO??/7IOE)S*.3)!4A?I

0-LWQ%6FKVZR/@2-
MM8.4HK
924W3NC^


58U1#M(Z@IG:'ULO]HC_5


MO



M+D/CUV


80=G





M.$07'




&`K'




.GSB]N'H@N-TX^&W3VY31BBCL(AP&A($"A+.+C-(BAUM=;<OLZP^O:W
MOHS]AY-5.&<IUY\3]W;UE?7SO;`/*]\0Y##HMGA+WE8^@PE3G%NT663\;PD
M.I=#8B;2?9J
E




M6P)G?EQWS_P-?ZC,(\Q`GF8DB)AN,#$P`F4JMS9BU;7FL;G.W*^='=I[NO

M8TEVOF*.-H_5:G
3
T!S`#*:9CDNPYQE+!X


MYE[PY\%!62[IJ2JXTN!*4


Z0OR+MDV=XM;SI\[7Y=

MDX






0

'9PU3I




AR@-51FN8]



M



D=I2A&#*(R&_5U%`HCP

M-27TB_JZP;P.?B


MWDF#F)*55XG]%I4UPOZY1=5BOT5QC;)?1F1%]C^50IS]BA+ZR7[58*;9KR61




M[%`].1HK6?G7IA7I7D%-H:T].0T-]THGM\8T(48=[TQ^B2:O%7O3S;!'DP






M0P2+
LFX`Y2$T=C?!1!(7?.B9\DRW$?G@LX[`QU035W%NJ#N))7#NXZ:ENY3

M



DU#G)0HBC!*:904(`['166


MV;75V4G9(0X1R[H#A
HB)P3'^6D+?R1^=XZF&=N$'[8@']T+1O^4@*0IJ0#=

MRG9+9E-^\^J73ZW


MG0V9KRHSM2%33TI/9FUUHWB^(=.$*$(]Q\O-=M]VF\R?VX*PB`I*(OS$.$

W@5_=JY)=P4-
M:2S8-70OKV1744E9.YU%(:VF.H]FQ?:E


_7R\WW_6[;\SP:
M9BM31/
E8CW9?,L`W%!RL%D2:C0Y4,F[#ADY\&[BZ#W+XB4IQ-U5)7$HF5!
MU2$HKZ5=XKT42H1O&O+Z1C.=4-YBE[8\6J01Y-YG*=1DJ$44X;&$8Y!:-)
M$$F]BJ-C9S92`9.D$E95G50V!#5%*A$MG9$**)%*5EZ/224=B@IU.31(E4\




+E

MO#N+[[\T]Z.;T/B-O4MN\^?!1B?'`3=S/2KF_WK_J(%DD&







\@RJ.TS.8,0;)8!0J)1BE+(5RX0Z/$+C0Z7T



M







Q3!^Q`)IJ1UMA



;'Z7'PO%IOBMZJ:K3X5ZTD@:)Y`&+*(,5F$
MQ0G9QX(IQEJT,PG@FVZ-)EUP&1FE"K?'FFJ9$#=GJN0*OHDA-0W/H#5M.
M<<?&Q;%PQBJ'EURQ-\1%%;53,*$0BP#A((]AG@B$0MGIZR(+3$PFP]F$&ZB
+WO7L+7/IN
M%S64CJ$M?&#VJ'EV20X











$@

MT#X_%U9-$C2CJK&5KJ$Z08F(!(JB


\SK
X#/C^VYG(R&3=;
SB%*5G8VH!

M.Y+8SJFV7Y=H;+(:`X?U5X]^UM9Z7HWXCF
GB.?.[9&PSF%[RY=&.5

MA?LT?=HN_F&(I22*&8]PF$51CC*8=0$S'FNM.S2/XIEGKQ\TT$@S6V%HX:4:


M(H@ZL9BF2F
OEU7HN5[8)79

M#7&^JO@Y[@6]*N/_;X

MA&I
SZ%&Q7
]??JTDW4@^



M


MNC/RPI1SF$CE^AZS7@:Q#9?F`4

MCS651OPYR1@B(N&
0`S3@(3-5C]=?
Z@U@X5SH)ZKDB^_./V]H/X*#[=D0^`


M)C1



JDBRG64!$SOLH)-$:H-6\
J0'(PU[O##GV(@3=#%T;0<,55?.;EMC-BP.UT
M#Y90F`HF94@NTPAY7F]R*(JT3D
*G7R;4
MN`*=91?&QPMCSE+$U
)UA!)LR&&_$/\<U-^G\[;@9DUF];U




O%=7KVJGV6H<M8GDD
QI2%&$6!X#GK

(
92F#/`IQ$(2IR-.LKZU8J'4`

R?';(TG3(8V'9JDM6`]B5'L55'KY7=&@E`#
6?&JW6M$C$*J6
M1;U^;N;SKB6.F@&C9?.AOBF^$*$!SZ*(IP*B@,;A`8C
-/Z5&X5R'OIL]5V
M!9:-NO;-7'3Z3`9N[%Q5+78&
E2WRNF\O.V]%'LOA^]VG?+I9%WCP-Z1\
A-


A`#ZNBO+NT)[3'8M[X#RZ[S8ECT2
M(N+'_7PS*Q

)EFJ-R#@)Z'T



`CI#5Q
MPUE0S^_0`YWMP-J7QVE=[)3^&]AJU7RWNO-;[75[$:OUWL`O7=X*N]S
?U7+




MDGA^_0*D2
FV+.-(



2
M-F\F4-&)X-4Y*TDS#
]5+3P_Q"+LD@P2X;I:-1\PS`J2..!@JTO8:XKFG



MO







R-'U


Y2-Y%6R*




M&

H9)_




M_0BNV/EEQ32?J*K3I$%P2'G&#$B.+P_
[P\B/-+J7.[
YW)_[9_[J&X=IGGZ






MA)\A(#

/KWABA40'!IR@C(I-
M


?K4T&8/+U;8MEHLT0)F+`X0HC#$&/H+('8IS@T#J0@35
M
L[`F64O39




XLA/4M^%

MC^HT5ZTZO6
\)=IHM9X-DWA52L34C#WFJ!IGM7(S?];JA2?.6P
VBM_+NVW:






M%4=1&$4`9PBY?NJ%+J+AN([LH5CJYF35



MB
MDF0A=%
$D8QH#&=9
MX*:0A




!N)4#:F

MR[999%D00H23((



9I3MQK+O!

ME6
;OCOO;80!JH3U0
MSYYAF2Y-AJ`?H

MB_+KYM%/X)+]8EUL6C9&6238Q]1#`8TRX!&*TC#V!FT$I


-1UGS9BMIJ0/
MBO4`G/$-T5_ZP'[E@[['L3G[X&;8O

HP*I-8TUB)LPXZEQM<L'%+72S9#_4;Q?_*5]M^/6.UJK[SO5H+
M$((X\!$!




MSG)0;0'`QC)ECL[G2)(M=.]CN7#&:)Q].


_/[G#(C?@)X%AE2.R-\



$

[0/@_I@_'


M]N^-HNG!XL/U9

M&K@Y?(NF:QVMY%2V


MC.GWF@%M**;9E1

M1;[YH_KZM0WHZD/8DPCC/W(3[(T&$L*8U=H,DSCXRVCE*MRFP]1JA:]SI/

8IP96)0-%V'H\XA?HJFG/#/BJ&T%E[+LB.42^W#!.%4W+
M]X%__)[?[TJC+G\@-411##T813XB[M@QCE
DM3E3L0C;&S%WJOKC9ER7Z@!9

XDOXK^G:[0.]!E$B*_$CQ
M92Y`IM/7G5G@
!\


@$@5Y)+EHA
:(\1-
M:

C5&C[.L

4R1M1^\0*0BXT7MN!-A%4<#'C5;.$&A39['(L`&-29
M549`(C@5B%%\[Z##!.CF0PFOQN8,9R8P@@?/8X(!8T9.XS*GI\8`/41)C`




MM#O=\H6Y'Q8


M.A$6\V!(Z7NYF?9YSJMOZK[\:R]XGVB2#*4$*JIP`@5.
H)0+RP#B=$KXW82
M0O=[UDI%C5;]:\VV/9]V^.F13WCHS(C'!K4P_9^G@+G4`^H$Y$38QM&(E[V@



/'$4M'V4:=


M
-RB\!



?O`WI=RBH






$P%A'%.(9

M9O-SM?YZ4@N(`:4X2Q@4
(
ISE%S!AD#)&26`J;5'19(]`@[S+OOM=/:$XEZ

'.JT$F7TO




9/P



I2[3HZG`:#




5




MZ+FH=O8*R0B'/

L[9E/L%SKW56'GP_
0*\^&YL!4S:HZ3%.8
#
MJ
84JR`


M=UB#]S;?#H&;&=^.#)D^W0X!G1W=6D&HP[9G3#[#MJX`38!MG4TH_:T7`[;]

JUKY/Z20D

M\FT&'@Q&

OX



%&+ABD2












\$;'(DBR.
M8]AW_Q(



=



^X-Y9D@+&P%[@4^#NNLB3!S


Y!&&==5LO]:M

M9$6#
_3C7)64.RK2S-`7NLY9
MZ[2`#T_GR[5YAX:@W$U?GBZ+.NCA'_M-@_\_@O.Z^O-KE]X4+7#)[9[22E.
MHHRQ+
IAZL6Q[Z4I&B51'$G-)^;0


.]

SM/[GYT_01E3$UIZ$VJR?YB/L=RJ=I2?8?_JJ&3Z^?J?J67YZ;;F*



MJ^:JJ'\3!UY]:(IZG%#[*$4HB&@`&?&C(

M57^Z&QZ=*J:]W;_=L
KJGU6^]KF'SO

Q


KJGQ^'T-DV?P#
;IX??R6PFZIBLVH!BV

LO5H*J!E?\;_
_]_LQ
(
MH@S[ON^Q+$P3`L.,=Q'[<-@/#/:UD8_AF-W/-FP1RD`OS6PC@47IPD^IX%J

M[%99GGT)(Q@C#,4P!*#^]1XS@AJ[J\Y7W6^E(72F;AI=I9.K2S9TIUV]P9
M.!%]^%@._&VO^^]G@$LWXIAA3738-D

MDJ$V[9
;A
MY%X-^ZL;VK5/?UU[)-#G3/+]/;H?[0+ZAD8;?NYZ';;JJO*=NX=^9_;
P$J
M$S
7`B2C%)[NI&]LAQ9@/O)
QV@PAS`+
R(6CE.
O)S1



WRF*ME'N':!9F?X






M;;$9J()_5.TJ2#*$


MPCR


1E`@
M]8K`



F22'T8.+H8F9ED\8XL%

M.8H0I4R5%0=D\6)0[.T0+MDS5^/'9@DAR:9BV&&;KZG]'R`@%3IRYE$V
MXG7




;)BP[C.XI+_DY7'!R]Q
MFJ19QGP8(90E42RNGV8)P2Q.9+&@=%''/#@LA)B%#B@9LS;`'#FB5K+E[3#



M](Y07S/1W-TU]4777/]V\:W@=\:G7==V12T.R5D%E



B/
^FYD=[5YV'-0=6PD$&=

M#^T$GH'#S`H%8OQ/N=G\NVY^KR_*HFWJ

M*Y.T
75R

MS`)

=Y1I.4


MT
N%T



4T8BG
PP2/(OA\5^G0+;N1
M7:]!'
47@\PR@6C7G`4?#A!3Q&FE@LAA]/WJX$:4*W:[X2G2DY.$-5-11;


$O:$UW)?+9+]SRGM_R*CZGSA+&$$2_/*?
2CP5C

!Y






+\'XU_X6K_:JD5C_#!FH?_IW3_R.T6



M
SNFAN;ZWBUE.&Z0P=

MR&^N4KH9-=IP?VJ@.6MU%\+_F9-^.IQ]!\L5MKSX5JYWFY+'_2&V
]U5[3?1

5I%:8[3A-'




M+(]3E-(PR&+
1V\




LYS#

&59^F#
\D]4C3\YHU'W84N16/ML=




9X/Z68#3X/[9Q6GNU[_CM@;+1S0

O%QXCB39'TD9ZLINDI(^6YN(KS^NUKD
M
$-I+A'(BAID11'[`(P+4F`4$!A!?K+*18:_


@88953``QI48!96;K4@

MLCR1`&'.A01)L\Y%LP$

R9G1-6)A$(17
MW3RXZFHQ'4IU?9
\HNHJZ+-77871J^J:A.N'55TC)YU5UYS2$*I+;U4W..`I
M
EPD#'()LP(7



+/3J

'`I][Y
MHNI!DX0$7M=]!:,P'JI1ZJ6AGJ.S^QTU;=_9[4V)':^OOAOCD
\VY[4WXK

DQHT6:Y#QAZB\9:]-5A*%




*C5&1F(N=Z53)
M[FTW)TX=ED`G=ZT:9HGW2[09*I/AN3.6:%,7='1*MZ/
XM6XWD/!&$IAF'
M(L$93!($T%KB]/$[]12R^34,TN[S,H7W[[FD]ZI]CR=G;WTN/-:1)I1/Q
M-
^W5\932`O2OCAR7.:D$-`J&`$

%Z2H51F:DGDU
KH=M[O;YX
M=U?$0)1[7V;\BE?/?XLE=$B`#^`,MIX9:
UJ1I*^-'U52_+NORAB\WFPY*

8BA)PGD*D03'C2!BE-7ZLSK]&N3PLPZPQT5(0_K=
MUR'#


%B5=J/.BF9_VN_5?G8@O6)(`

M)6TB\`-HI)5;!@II3YO6JUC#LNR'V^.Z;+W(LH0)$/


H)PDB=4'HJO`8^U
M)O;VWS[2/DTS]SO99]!-!1U8NRQCXQ!FMR
S/E?Z3U.%Y\SN):J/P]5.NW*S











HFB65BQQ`3H6(6



FDG;/
C3WW49B42[K1=K
G5V6LY[
M?F:[Q0-5

MN[NNJ^0\BQ''0*8(@`05G


MUM1QE1GQ#
89($F.E25`.*1%B@5


M3ZFX5/AK2=I
!



M

MNU_NOA_OU5

M3&*D7XPPDUC9%2ET
=L


M&&90=W#&%Y6H[9UXQNSRF98WGYYMUU5=V4#;H'4%!SD$K$40KC''(0'T9F

J
MDP_*:F^^VM:LO*UV9?=[U\MO9;T@

MU4$9QL'/+3PU#K8?[AN`!DE)$.K?SABG9MTL51P([Y+%]L#W$7)TQ#S$HO_]
]4X?<0PE3R8Z%=X6+DMFY5O*'/TJQYW1WD


M29SE1R
849/IJ]DW!TZS%9A#TMFVB-WCR=D7.@4=J3-IM8@J]\M!O3
R[+

%T=_#EZ+BB

Z
S$1MW/YX?
/%#
MC+8$_;ML+DLL;^BCFFY\*0_7*[:O/'QXV-=[-555@`XXU)A/&1

M(^XY:._;[)JJL
LNN)
M1HO+2%J3*K4N;_HGZNC?R]W-IWVU^JM_`.U?R\U#6R=Z_KAKOOLV0%^RB!1
MV;B`7


D%+
!
M%1'0Z*WEP%!&'#$.^*
3!WKM:5T(

'^N=
G[@P'##M#Z3Z?10Q1!1-1X3I`V@_

MC!-
8I'&!:8'RE-

M

`4TZ`
M%`*+`J6#6<P2[JQ:!K8"]?[:OOE9_7O[D:1+A..'=0K$+V^!.P(;PX:=D1C
M*F,6-,]9R6S<T1$S:YK<]&PAL:2
@0*0-

M-_]D%-UZFTL'M?)*HQ^-FH

HX32_)`263T*JB;
MI='F=4$URH1::YD*Q*H?I9IR









W@_5

MX60&




MU93:?9Z:?7_]-O)NMYG%C(@T18G@



GYDRK4AT(


:)X2.Y8MS
MM;TA=6TXIOJ!6\/IYHKWM\8BR@%ZOW4&*LEG1/6GM#F#Y-U5P(\8S#*.P.
M







MIHQS'HU+;GB([3[9F
KI'Z:*=W%[^=;K(E]

*







M._.\J7-2H
OX


N'G\N[G]?/8[O.P*4T@3[*:)^'/MA
6!(HC'G`1%;C$4$

M8PWE60!C32
HK(T5U;OYPQD#3




!Q]JXEPFKC-=U`@[







_K:AJ

MGK+RP[99WUSSL[KU:8A9'`I$D?!+W:HM$88M*O

M#(2[W#!/HYD:F7J?O%&V#Q/+)M_Q3B.?7G?+5F7YFF_OO:^KQY?
6U7MFR-U

KO\^JU

).-$4FR=L


`

2?I5^N4ILV\$_J[
MR\N9\K&`P;0^K
$)8K%7:D*BV:N&^]VQ?K+X
&X



JTQT70B;C$(H[`TS
M[;=+J_%9[_6XN2
4C%)_,#G,8PG%(`!J
0)DJW?6:6G/=8!PLV]BLY3':-


#@9Q[S6G\.+[\K[J2RJJON%-LQ
MQ%9EVD0ZZZ)-6V+'?#LMFQ3F+*B^.-K9B.DD]*P)9HM]PWKSU]LXQ3A@$4I%

]%4\CG8.+JE


=
MI

E]-JV[9B\

M4K



M=-?QJ


)E/S6F:$GGATGM#F#
M&%
U%T(:XS`*NX/







ME)E:P*3[I.$6\UP0CDKWQVQ7_Z5XRD11?N






40B;7P2-



]+;51%VPA@PMCNMM8E;ME:P(;+;


3ZX:E2H+3?WU'E&V2;%O_87=37W,5SZOU8U&]
MU%?CD=^V&S_$C!$0@KIJ)B'UP\AG/D8)C1.:`@04-O6WX4'CFM.[Y;7^^6U
W*;%=W).TA:&\_IK6/C*-$R561^7.D5BV<IL?10$:
MI_AO]N

;=VI'A

M-KM%*1

MPXV;EDFLE+9WS&*U.W06$-8ESP6]873O`R#,$^2`&(N8A#5?R*#.S$BP#&.
MI7QP3^/(/8WEU'8&8^M3\CBQO?EH[CQTBZ)E7+V?D&L%J8YAS5D=8KA_&MV
M*P+0F
%TP+=NK_W%W
M=;V-V]KVK^CMG@+3XFBONX;29&]`TR;N9G@G(=Y
!1;280Z5JYDMY/SZX\H


M^BLT7$9(&F

M*+H


MCZC]RWU

Z[6?(B
MO3%/9TH


<7'&361Y\X2'5$(H-0UC22U


-[<YZ+I'3^*V6J?3Q7%@/






MCA
_\YUR/FFR4DNGDGZ+G6



\-L
M\6!+V='=JIE



]Q76LUX=-%X-



BG#$Z_K



8


M3$
6I10D_8@@PN*5M]PP4U3.S@&:L\?F?.?HA*^[5Z!3H&`USZ1$P2E#HKDZ


MB;PQLJ5[3-
*-D!U6JS.V]_##O!82=/._7EUFY-V0:%[-XRORN6.+\BT:S96
M


MQB?G@-3IH


7M`DKH3K5NN?;$RCU$^)L'$+L?'_;Q9
M\FHTORE?Z6^0HHE*4Z;$5V^DD(#K\=`(S+JX9&1@6?3PAZSLRVE:T0SJ1BQ
M*#MG%G0II;T)$%BCG3


M9HRFX?VOVL%E5JWXRD=:5/FRD?7:V6T:_7:R_56`U2'/3\VH_ZVXQBO([EL+
MO::29
-JK['8R@EFN5JU?^(^N@4-PLA%+/:3(`4L@G;%AW(1)7=*H-9WIC

)W13<2LE=#VX]@;G




MUL[7LX1.VQ6V5




MQS'Q0\92=W@HBM/05VLEA88RW$JV6)1U3(P\60DSQIL.]6K!.7MTLZO6


M[P

TQ[+R.`6].M3Q!4Y^




Z3`IMGH

2





MU9`J

FK1V_APQC$E*4X2$A`B1LE0=@C1BD$PG8[#\SWZ[-#
V.2;,S-QRC!M2([(5ICV
M+<4W\/ZKV#Y\WJQXH[S+UJ_,OL;/-\66W[=W^'THZ@7+*8`(.KC*/4BX`=A
MG+#NDMDP##Q_U-6N
T

MNVX


MIM7@W&\5WGZQ9V_5`\W91TLRVVSVGY


[#K/#@)'
M\LJ!.C:5=;DNO9[.NZY!^[*UAU^(W_;+
*L@@%*?)!EN$DB=



\UK;;KS3..G


M.M-%.\K.^!MO

:46_LY:LXU




KM5-@86_.V$C'+




T!!):0[
&


MCN3/Q6G0O&BMQRWF

MG*8)SO'0

C[VE3P38##M'MQ9F1MQU



M`8DHRFC@XW'S(&4@FY(@[*-R+U.

M6VW:Y;3V9Z[4P]_9

M
M;BSV9=[LO]@W@WK_J][1!!WWWD^LC4?TVN

IA2@%@N5TS'A@L5S




DS5*4IU&4


S=%2M\R

ML77FC)HVHATY@Z;/GLI01&I0M&[4OB#-*4*
4AA11G

M-=BRBB8WU=3'L+JF&2-7JZ;)SD+-J=HI7Y*JID2UPZJF9L\$59M!U&15NSM4
MXLS6R^_%NBY&$'UM%(8L(!`$*248H(8B?`P9AC2$;19@UD6
T&;%X+SAO1



;Z+2JPV
MAS;B'0-J;


P(/@1HJD2KCV!8H`4P

KD%$E^U^YW!'D^3P[(L08C
M*IVA(]N;M.VA^D?1/%;;VZ[)V;'04QX+]I'(
8)0Q$E`3CJ2B43#I'KV$8

2DG#XKDVBF@^2[%)U9$M#`JR
S?QV6O&Z2

@2!C)1EGT


MC`OQ

MHEIODG-&H^:1Z8@BS32BTAE?DFI#UT\E'Z6+G*Y7QA_EOOSR_*6_C:/FXK=B

M\&E299]KR;4_'30;T;%)S)W1-;W
.Z)SFHVJ3`:K=AV\XW'
_VQO$_IX_Z%H
)MV
MD9WO35T*;-611N1YM@\74O!+S



M
BKU[.3


4N\B



L1B``(HPY73@E_:5(G`VM@

M$`2$Y[`L;B'D$]14JDSCS9Q&9\&#`]=5];FLP*&ORD.SO8=9'A+''BSLX:






MHDG(DBS

MJO[*=8



M(5
Z;$D2]49*










OBCRY8B.J**OM`2-FBY0\;QM^?E9'(FMN0:%493R
M3Z81Q#A@`?&#8:PL!EBA8%(:QTYY-'PI-J?8U'1#DD8I]3!`W2P-H=/H
JDD




'\5SCCN7/90E]NVG$[C&14TX`M'
MM-&$997Q0)ZMHT
OP^

$
W&04'&X#Q]DQG)]#ZB\BW%
PE453)3W&F1L$EL6I*N

XK

M49`@C`B&01YEX]8J9KZFR?'4T6S-C-6N6='`YMPYL0DB]4Z(E[GCY)C2E-A
M6;:=E3QE@R9/@M6HFK-A(M3SQ[M,5D%$*4HA03!.0@SG/C9``*\YFICJJ



M/`9^'N)XAE5Y==29FGG+H];(Q/11GSP+-]

0


2F@&IS6D+YFV7
;X1

4$UUS9(J?2LE?
M^CM:^I91KP[+X
0ARZ
$YC@Z'BTV$N&LRIBLFO0L-!R?WUX
M159PNZKD-A&Z*IM]/;FC)$[7R!JVP/E
UJZ-D;T]R6&+//6U.K1_*W9

MN*0

NK/S6


MC1G_UE3+?]XS:#N^7\`OI



F@&$00(1Y`T!
M/'J`$&&I%E\F[5I^A;UV60^+U/MLT8G0CYPF'(.=*&M]?/WG3WS]ZTW%_K
M$EH)(@7#!%/3,</XP-C01@(#L_1);Q_2JCY%T];(G@M,8.AC$`0@(EX8A8GK
M$Y`-,*(H5;J;TC$:3815:KZC9

CQ

*E/


=N2
MUW.






;K^WAS:H_@_2M6.[K


MU77UDV'=.9_JPQC:KJWU







M


ID9.G!5J


@)MY78U].JH_$#T`=CI03W2IX5]7$
MOCB!.[$HRS`Y(L%6)F0F@FMG;-4$3[2DF)ZW]K6HRVKU-D6R`%$

ME?+&Z;`Z9WH3JRB,E2.J*B5&9F)BMH96S7!(VU$13'SGNN:;Q[\(U_OBP7,
M:!(CZGH^S1!)7)2YA];5*8+A8MN_M;D=:


NTE
^J69;01;&IFQ

$H)\[`'JA5*7.9JS:CM]\]]_O[W_





+

M%MYG$71C/XF#.


M

6GBI3**BUEC@3U]MKA-:7N!&1G$DV9RKYL@.XR/54:)%

:N(%+4T3CU(7`SX+!D@OE@TK)CY\JI&2PG!:73FPD


X$T%JD2%V




NDPK)!XG)%DG


HFH+Y@/D:+_^U+W=EJVH(
M9!`E61IE<1P@G#(4!U6C7BJD-!;,VDX!GJ!U.-P;YPC8.2!V3B#+-=PR.@4
!E$<YBY(6N:,J^O'VA+]E/\$DO/'`&KJ2ID+W(SX=KIL
MSL2]TQY&9?8ATUHR-%\6N.W@N/!C2CP$H(<S/PXB'Z1IRNQA&B:^4CHA@-M

R1I5*B7&DKTT

XEQ'2H$(\%71JY'/Y4RB&

M9#$2]JC5/GURU=C=.!R8;&Y!GC;!I(U5QG3%8S*R)'
N5DG32J_P7DW5CZ)V

M*H2TEU2;7;4N5WR_OK_)]MM3431?V4.P83%'4R[S]6$G$H1^1%T?!6Z(



-T]5S:.!A1M['HCC**)AX*<!QF&:<9,HBS*7(54/&D[

Q#5-F=G[:I3Z4
MRYJE28^Z5O&HF9L+0^I!+X)NX


1V*5048
74..JB
^DYHDQ:^B
-FBUH0Z
MG6[MD2=0)'1*15VYRI62F/Y2+'41+O_;S?;M=%FY%=\^[3=%W]O-T\5/5S

E5FUI
M5EN851Z!_Y=LCVA3W(NIVS5HEQ.Z5XQSB`['Z)R`O-X)1T'V1O3/-/\SD4+C

M6@5ISUE
+B-O&1D5$V7Z9B

MW9^#I^




I-

M]-8=

Y$C;2'\;X$W``M^K4&=\U34=^S#QN$


3H!FT8=5

(0!
MC3(/1:F/!\LI!%(7)1@P=TVOSOF#XW1:H

MIN*NR5
W^H.*EF'&YG4D)23S*]?@\I







-VL&/XL?[HE[
+8

PRB6:3I'









(P

M=8`-9!VXR?/AF(!.E0LGBN4E\V`_*`Z=!-=G!\5

^#Q@&G-?@K&R;]-YE/!

MTG+TGI`@S?&:B;CH]O+'!O!3D



MR_UV1

7=/`
/:2T`E1
M`+GZHNFQK%G+;V*\B


MRC0)N;YO82-)H(-]T_=



%8

M1R2ROR9!$


Q`
M

=G]N5M2+WT,/=/P'!1A[+##++9E]38LQT/+NJC3#=^*H=#A51Q
&EF'9R+`\KDN.QCQ?<T70P@(
%^B`B=[5
M

]'ZHFQ#
V@J!CM0J%NP`@(

V_


Y1))@K
3IE96DA78``
&&+PA4(&!Y@E55%%#
22SL3TC\A`


M/:%#FH[W)W+W^'&Q*+Z\+[9-&PIJ%AJVB6
_E#@)F%B0P][UR
K





IC

\AP6MTKIAG5@@=6%JM/9+W;T)3[9[K9

I%I&'7*Y-BPE@
MS%IJ0N@]:%KM*]/L86#IERX=











,;7H+MI#=K
M1[$IH=32MC3+<8=+3G#E112U4FXDY/.#MKKVGD993S&UGGY&\WSO#1NO#NO
G6V.I%%*O5F4T[`&8+-NV$<DY:=YNZ\HBGB?EZZILJIU]5-*67%5E1




[P









ZHT(F\FT80


Q`AD?!+]0
#A'Q+`EANKTHOE2WN\:*
@!26B!Q)D<<BF7IX$
M5?

=A59TU\!]/?7



$7
M4ZTDJ9?2`['L!70]4C5_9.(9DH3-0/%E

L8

Y0128UJRT.__AXO;B^O[Z[
U5H
M';&BH=7=#*TVZ0U6=_5GTA)46Q+\HE=6?9V@/E-T55==_NMAT)5]\:*=XT
M6/'Z_W;MR8E;4M\]WJ=?EU9@N\BSDPA!+_3,Q'4CTS6F#6XBJ*0:['CDOAT


MYO-NZDEG/UP5V%[0B?/V[[POJKHD=;?LP^X1K`;8R`^1YUF.:T(`H-ZX'@]
M;!1$\3(G3\SXO?(,IPWR_W-W;
MF4IZHW\@7ZWJ'7N1X=Y
JC
W$+2FO?

M4\^*QL?*SY4AS=


8
(^'\=*ET\'IQ6=5
MM5BJYU9+8^GGRKV2)'+LU9#ICO;SC#\/F.GY`D(J'O^3!SXFX5#VCC1_
MVS3=MH4RH'@[-:$
N$S9TB=`PD'YN:1$W#TY49DD?OQSO)R^X]\LRM0TQ1M
MPQH]E_EMN2G;LFA^+W*VM;.^JX+MJC?3=.Z+WRLJ^WTOSAORN8ZO]T4-TX6

F&VA\KPI)@Y`GI/P`A[//$X0^_7$0[!






MXU$]#:0O3?5TN'1
];31I:1ZS3R]'-NET$Y8@]##%$;=;-*A49JAR3:.DE15


)BI
M*L3X/%4W&(K
4BH#4^Z]G/L;I9%K=G_Q5%1IM2[6O^_:7;[)=M7ZN-Z[

M)
74PTGHQ#$*PW2R'X?8X9W?:S5J6&$9UK_U8

MHUY






KK

S;CT$2*6P`

'4JVP



MB(


:NK!&DD1
MDI(B

M!U2S=*9*[(-T1P)%8N5+


MZP_VIGY]7Y7_+M:=Z?&&F^:&1!YV@@PBS\V@3XGK)K.YD%*A4WRR-@QKU2&L



MJK

Y7)5=&V





MNWK+SF[=Q`1F?D]E$3$^(
$QH'&5NYD('I4)OEL%9G/%+U^UNWQ;YANP

M_YF;8#R_^@OS\-=WH'

C(6DH_.XWN]




M?.BYA(9!EDPH(*%UV9J-FVX*!W1/M/YY7+])
]9IUUJD0L-)2?9L
@EJ;T




M?


+C*

MZ)B@G'?D6*I4C812J


M%VEYN^N'W@_'8V#L!RZ


4(I+.DQ=D3
+BRGY@_

4\S@96MM

@$0JJ6






DLQ9[071.JM@P+^C-XX+K[.OC

JQ
*=\J@DTV
MQ11=@D@CRP5O


'XB2;C5+'Y95S=4N&%7U_-J='$:(X!C



M+$H3GV`89$A
++C)





M@S7!_])-W*NV^5BT%W=_5$W1MIMB?3!!GUY*A23R*4%^$N+4)1V:)(3L4N\$

6/J1X<W(/O+K
MS)S8



]_Q





K5HN&+6?5LM%_536

7^


WW].,U[U$ZK9SRJ:MM.L6$=$0'9GC*9[5TM8AX
MD[43VJB3\X7(H%:7?N@PH9LN?G%;/13K'7OE@M2/3W7%MLTO[MY7J_JQN,Z_
M]3VUFF+4XNO\=G,`*?4<WPFRP''](/7=R/$#&0Q[/Z((^P*S55-XC`LAA-T


M$C##FB].-I?H&XSAXE3?I*]'9=\XP1*Z3XN[8KLMUAV886
M1?


MM

8


K
MT

M1C2_N[-+XU;T\\];:/\M*



@@]T;-


MWOZ/C0D78-^(=M6A-^
](8,O_E=D?F/M\$/Y=:)/B0%K_?&C\LV5RK$H=0
M(?IK.BS*Z_KUKLNZV6H)NY'IB=0YV^7ZJ:(_/'.]T+-2S\&IA5&(@A`'J


O'M.KS%
QC.:)!_U
MGD+O/
4NH=L:`%H+)N
H_L6$R3A
\C*%QVI=KOKW(_+M82%6'CWGR_4F
M/?

EA&#NK


M==4T




K$S$P=(_$#A
M#'AB(KIGPC*^(Q3JY


MR&,N1

5F]65YO;YMBD61U^P8D1
@G#J)ESFQ%T:8!C5WN\`'XY3K





(NMQ

M%[322*O'OAG.$T=9+M1AMS





M-'*4Q3









MJ[J8_PNM%_G#ZV4YQT5-+LMF7;-B])JL5LOVH



C`9!:+`KWE1?JJ:YJJ\+)^KY9K.

TS3PWI75S:$4(99D=N%8/!3DQU^JUR?$-

W&TD)\HX7HIK
2C)_)
::]N
$`JQQ$ZOA/@OAY[#Z5XOID*NZ_5H:
M&M-_(XM[.JWAG/ZO[GGCHIG33V%=DQORYRJA4/\U2V&0AF'LLPY.$F6.[3D)


AW'.!.+L0(960\][J<A[O7Y\S.OB/V2!BS(OYT6^OQIAOC8





M
+FI\P59[
/KWH]NZ`\LUXNBO

S[=#ST(H
M]-S(CU

';&CMOVC-PYTUH&][:M;^R[`
MUL+VW
'&3%8V;PP%^Y8*M#M&G`^GFUOG
17$`L1?L^#M+.!O?YW';)!KA$UA
K,B&E(V%#C]P:]U=<NZ?!1RM;J:LQ.`%/<L=NP0!0'.
CSH=)E*(C\M!



4=P59_+-]
M

MH_O.64EQ2\`^_NT;\JT%H#-!L(0TYBR^*G$*?A+L=9MTD9%*3Y+C#XHYTUZ;
M2+UFW








M`/FJ1

M%G:&LO#2F0JVMAZ.-[!IH\/.YF[7V[[5
MH#=;
0


#

9\


M\)4FNICGD[)12!=3-EU\&[K+A(^_#X1/NPLFHH/Z[7IWBXD1XKC:9D?'_EH7






&

MJ6=9D$(/


MA/CG`FJXIAT50+QFF3;'S)T

J7?-$Y`ZJBXO
MRV3=/)!E/PSR;`NAR$Z\-+A#7'FMQ?



M*CWS




OP8^=Z
MEU=
O*
=FI0M9*FI*OK3.U9T2!`J[#Z7?]0ONY=?&YYQRO4_FC5+0.WG9E-U



R1`FHP*+D[
M,B6%?$D\2@BY.SX5A5R#5R$AOTC`.2$WP]H2A-R0)XWQ(:5?D9=MN\*D@1%

MRB#6K:Q%3



TM
LMY9'*&'VG(W?%Z
M?VZ\P:/^WN0CG[S)*7XMWMXMK_?+^U?OF2=TU=(20GXY82T_VG(9;J9`V[E3
MRV1

3^

@BA(



N*/
MS`/.`T``S
M9!

MXRAZ+!+*%#M=V.@K']AN@?N*'((P+'S(&A^2IA.V-



M=]6/9MMY'([W+PY(_LHR6;;$I-@J47***L.1I6O+7G-Q0=B4:5N(/JGC?W-Y

I!0B&L-PLIU07VIF

U5

M
A!*O5J0^F#+BC)@4;W)7HXB


XP7`_1QVD4EO[]2Q9EI(#.(^C

B9QL8@E#EQGLOB



MTX8I3+6O#Z



_C


M.,9@OM+6#?2FN;MD7+^L91E&Q
\+??#T=:IZ-O^BQ+:)Q3@E5T;@#XKL3Q


M7?4J0R#ST[@@00+[O?LHV$^_)#02V@JG\_F64\X$BY?[PZ3N4[
=UO9+[)50


]RZWPQ7'J&^4([*[LLQ'Q8Q


M1\%)'FD+







)]
UA`3.KI%ZUDB-T:5&U$!Q1=9TW+K(R:R$DEC17

8PX19S]/]I`8B4FO%

MG\ONG\UN_?CIY4?YT-&GI^JAJW]R2'=E5ZT*A@10D@1\PU:AQ@59$+C1S`T
M(,VZ$.92Y^%:OAZY-T#W]MC[7^3HS0BT=I2T--IE@`S)M&9L7KU%7;EQ=I4


M7_SP
O:3_P=02P




[[)L7/PTRJ9G.MT9'8WRF1P'CP\R+61!





MCBRNY2B;I/'_R?%Y&D1YJF?H+M.5AK_+\:1Y`^NST










MRNAY`Y#)Y=T?

O\D\FLC6*WG&RQD6@A\G2XPNM0^GP'Y!^R3+*YG'







J?IV643O1=/6WV&AN1/;RIFD%9WGAW



M#Z
Z`]=9
M1_/129:/9?[K!_CA1'TS/X9Y
5=R0T.QYN0K7[F+*!^]XN[+C(L49P_5=?&G

M*'`M5]'[K^I9&K
C&PCZ0_

'2(XJ(#`F*I#L]&`61

?3/72M


[5#PB'$`-B8P;]@*&E1=#F



3<=3KRR#YJ'O6`[!!\.D\5RK+0I\YUQ-:23@URAYAR

M^1'!DLKV[*%GA_X=D`$0C+9BX

4C\N1DFF[^-O

UWVK74EN*





3+/V)7HT':$XQ#L(L</5*\(
M@./.T0HX55]U/0UW@%L\#HFO7?$_++9NO/K'&$W2@\]`EPL5*0N+`MCJ-H[



!`Q0P


M
`J1WB'L^8Z/JS43S^




MT/%9_T_1M'Z/:P=I(6



MPCX[K*YX[VO+C

MAYVNYQ/?ASOK0)`&NV.

7LMO




M8
M1N%H,9=;#H%=9Z7?VP%2D],X0U7&T,=,]O@8?1^'2USNV'HG+/)P$&!(N$U]
MP<V(MG*L[:]^&2#3SJ\-Y\(TDAY(X'.<0D8/KM)X88J/P]0.9@A_AA.YN


/H4_N9PG7LK$-B*O&3$((9]6*&.=#XT?
M


+U





M!`
7S?YZ%H1G[TX3S
=U`LHUV.-*@XO?&<&A:(TL`*C*
]!J-#2=$+
MSB








M)_'M`_


M[:&'V#P?K=)L@VK:F^
P3!U#(







M2CK$+6ITKLU.BIG@V=4`+.H=WT*Y#?5';D]OXU*(HGI(L8
?U:[@_3^7ZY0'
M__[+I]E?IS




$]H!)+


$@ID81!ET]/YA_
MK67*-




MLQL1`&

-[F9%)-
TQJ.+%E@CD*4]T^;]6:V2
'O
M+FQY
2SX:






M(SY6=RGU*5K==[/ZV9-WEDO\?!&FL-0P8Z(RUABM`]ZI@I=4.9L=
E=
\K
%2:<=!H].(


W%MCM

M&8UPM?ZMNO]:K0=TK2[^U0I]8AK#@64!@E-B7$UQHCIW`R;2Z5ZW&M2DMU








`RR5W\%ZYG:2VYH8XI_3HT
M/8)Z#769F/

**#N59?ZT@&I4C


MCI:GQD:;@?C4TMY9JXPE&E@'G^%6-W0;HV^N]0CKV#3:J?!
'NT&!RFYXD`9

MM#'7\TWU9[7Z




M57F9[F!;#1D50%B'K$(-\=
UUES:3##KI4?:#`#M])


L!HYP4CV
MH7OG4
[UL7`









T5`@*
MZ`U4F!;SY]1ETNW9[^CD*W?F`?D79O

XRFGHZ_S]YU]K=
MMHVT_Q+N`WS$M:=[TC@GR;[[D4=QZ$2[MM25K&RZO_X%)(NR'4LBP8LH;GO:

P04$:*5':=[!&@PN96_1UAE9O+$:\][N-*6^XD7;D(AFGK
MJ*-(86HQP02)RJ
0

T(]Q']



M3%
%MX





1





+_3V<[<6FGKPWN

NW!3!=.-UKE6
K=N
MP+53I@?
AU9+S_3J-LKX!CPU=52-F0JNO2=4HG2)2CL9/+6VBJ-'A=U[['CJ
MJO[11A76*Z;H''-B0LM(R**8V0Y8$I9`%V%UST+N=O:YN=N$P@:]X/Y$.ST
M=W?E[6,T_C^CT[GX5GZ,4-ULM?QV[[^GKR']$_.%V,M,DT!:9*@]&(Q&]

EH`\`*+

4G`)DK-'4




MM]67TUU.Q1VS0F/DU%ZBP

MU^OKPWPQ3P?PC_


X%L)G::\6Z[*
MJE7HF^GDF3


M9)4'*+W-K5H[0N/7'T4RN9BS`!<CXI.R_A6MK__<[`Y1FE+R_(Q%
M-:.JG3E$[@V&!M!#I8&=*XN'*&QO2PY.U^*^K+8[(TUYC'9BJ82[W7G17.
M6J:-\.Z0RF^!Y;:8'&'.T:5U9D=+


W7M_?+]:96O.3M







S


8:VHML]HH



[*FFS\+\4QN\:W$'NC;[QKF?.\(\-27I1





MD[)`OE3$^%V-FQ@GQQ4.N+1
T4K7.;C*@3;#@+WUNS^6


G4I9B;/%;7GI

M^



M.-8+TD

**FBOL:::

:SA%]4ZB:-

\4AB`


+D;QM%78F])C4[0S%AR$W_GS9U^*%?S
MVUFM=3\QHK!8(
98-+8!6XPQD2SL)3?$Y=8@''W9\Y:+WQVD&0SXO]EJOMRL
M;QZ_EZN3]02//US(^#K1FIH

3KN



KA%!-3CP]

/XVN]L+62:-K!.8UI-&%Z+$@
MN4T%_G_VKJZY;9M9_R5\?UPZ!O9M*XDZ3GS+GBJ#8=:^I(&4E)F_?7'\`R


QM13GZVLYS$#$#\%%2
95Y

C?
O*`-PL&(F('W.'DX_U+4(J;W5:`]


MHF

=I=D'!49/DWZJ[9I6







H6XJ<PWSSB_?50`F3OF$H#6]8NEG*.R4-04(T
BKMII\&Z:SD[X.10I`.





J^_KH$=J
\KYC260S3





MC`V5A'K:RMQ=O_:[MF^H?L#GL::E0;Z7*OFGXO/Z_JF^1I@^?'C?).$'73
;ZF5X@HBPP76K@`H*'U:;EWN<5X(SS`.1S[RF!]+KXUJ?=#M54'QU:*







@/P9;:#;;
MJ?O%

++`

_\N.]-/Z




OK-
DUZ=K_-`ZZO;I^G`EOI&^&V6XK]F'S4+U3&
M


Z%SN@/3ZY'D:0Z6E7E?
VI!Q;4L=);+21
M.G5*EUH'RF-8XAEQBJ(`_&!MQHFW)IXGZ.SL/G'PW5U=;UZGB42FV*]/#\!R
M\2#3^SC5=@_0/89-Z?#W@?S0Z7XTK@(NNC!&4&5=#.VQ=/'?#U\+%5+SW#5X



M7]2K#U^[*7WGLY7W
0H0`DFF%

B=295^%&
B1D[@GV$=J%D_@`15`=I%IEN:IC




M)::*6N*
54Y+:U4+5A!Z0EMTQZKW(%NR$!UF:ZTI\3+KQVD_NZ;TT$+7873%

Y[(;^4X[\=:_ZS1WC*I#(:ZMQ


)H^;;*!FE!4


I\E)KVBBEDF(F



MLGM`_`XXT2-AQKYPWW#%K)I
SERPA3DZ?A2Q%8!R'

MH4N`='2MNPROG(A+N184!^*9E.GZB=:H(DXG1*8+\+%/H+$Q\/2@U]WM!14V

`%^$Q6J$&
M&0#ZLR103TO-8OA?0IWO[[/5W^^7Z;_UINW1\*O:]WD%)=*(







M&)Z8[G)9
L(ZWM.PI`BL8RBV+5$4SK@P0!A5((&R:$'A\9K?%'\HF1N&C9!
M%^!%GT!C8^!IJ:)P0RQB


=(R&



Q8J


BO1A8`GL
5W/UH=+[78/J+#$P0G*4,0+!!+@VDD4QS<A+ARO';W\.4H2_UC()3
M(.B'#QC5%C)=6@_


M=O[A;O-^^;:^OI_-/\)L?==Q8=K_@HHBDJ[@XDAJIU%0ACC=?F
3O5DO0^\O
/]'.0<MDV[.#3JHY?@D
4389M@K\SD'V)Z5L[KK-IS@AML

M+4]I_AS/[\;5Y;=R\K7\##O2W=:ZG7E?++0


!&BM2LA8:=S




4*



HE._=V?MJ6^(^_\
M
+0_:N*?T

#16HE5-=9?_\82=7M`IH30*NGU5EE%[.[<K)=XF^T
M+`3E8)]S&1U4CSO)&YUI0\YI8_&7262TOR/A[.#&E_*D?5O^K;V5EU42^J
MZ^T?[MQH9G#B.

WW6^5O
M-2TB-IP22B*6SBO'&6=L/4G0VZ@;M#I%2V)O`4\,P3^I7[\[@VVT_F&UH7

3.
M(&^%%9C8P`-=#]
'GJOC!WUJWZ[DCX0T0_*_CN:+Z6CRRPA(]WD\F:2:
?/%



#Q[



X=Q6
^+RNR



M1R-8Z)Q(@UC4N]














EC0




^IA;
M9Z[



B`S]





MD2W`C.W=CR9WH^G\LOP^FOVKOHVCZ?V.]]0W=BB

MAO60+4.Y57@&N(OVR9$V
-

5L#.8



H4M-$&@\*T

M)8W%)=0)U9K
%$G='GH9@@5KZ&):7R^N$K[[2'ASAX)IX0)31
.8E0K



?UX.!?N=?`


Z.TA[=_[6!NC553E)QQGEM2]!5E?CI0SW=02W?Z6`#8<@%WBZ

MYX]+G\54URFQ_&AL84J!WREP,QAA6A`G2C-R9*Y=88(5R`TY#-G&/YU%W
M`/=!LO4-_?/JC;'OPZ_]/E!$C:R@+#%D





*B#R'3
YPJ7+A43[JRDTBHCH@R\


M9

2'C


M7#@.RO;)X!;3A$



^UQ:
M#.CXN7-:Y
/9/C$
#.MZ.;3)Z'8#&5ZT*8BE&*?7#8RG5!G'D4O:#4?$-6(X
M-[5S0(?!'1#@&`@[BR34]_=UM3Q3_'('@
S.%_/9?%2EVDC;PPI;.A;
P^9'






6/&H5SIF':VLD]
+R4E'S:?'^8W_F$YVU63L_.Z`!DP'CH1@VI+


M?GP^$KECAN#KBP

U`W<%*:#4'%J--4`@
M&O<8HS4T1O(G='9=#WP^1G*R<!U=KKUJ


M`IR[V!64ZA[*




M!T3EIB$*=

(X&4;YU0

M
5X#17&$S5K98J5U;OJ@H$[4H?RFBX$^2$[JQ4S@9$'38/QGW^]08NK@C0%;
WFWH2:?*,=4I-?IC]J`M<_C5;W=;UK$]+WI^S
MA\U61Z*X?-W^KF;$437'O;XH*$VD]\P1XSRV#GCE6(.F1OFM9N6I?*X8_9I





N0I1U5_




%N]7]5F]S;E



(;QRAGJ*$KTII;

#LEV\_[^V+]K;J91V-^VYG
_^P
M_-??JMOX9_?E2W73H]D_[_V!$R^8P00H`IPW*!6$-KACE7TJ<8$9JN&585#6
M%*02_0EWBP5F@

3TTR0QTBM[JK8
$M2^.45=`!3)X1FL*$

N







8X*$-TGS[$C#8;

G!D[!&X/RA@M;3@^Y
MH)5&`KAV7A

M+?42\PF-M



8<T9X08JTQ=5#C9&=4
7=D
+7E]SWQ+8K4X-_5.DPX.I6?:]6


3*?]8)7<S_MXL%_6FPV;V\*E:?45=2C7LUP2FM672<D.=]
YKC*!N

M\ERTLJ`


#KT7N=#GVICQ7P=#!MAZVYQO935P
[[94;

]^6$!.&`9







M*!RU2I%G5?03:GW









AQCS
UNOW7SZMJMEZL_I1
MYW&Z2BSVWA


=M.^VY+5BM*8:
'NW&.N#TX

MO
24N.(I]JVJ15LLF?6%9A9'M!0G0_T(%T3VQ1V&N3U_.GOOYCEUZ_+14W1
MH4Z*SIN#0((128TU!*':BH;BBW
WMT[OBU;;D5K4=W-MIGX*Y:PWO$^?R'\

M)(WF$EG*.=`Z&3^M$/&



M9`EVCA(=YR:LC)*59


)9+^[]P\%P@@UEP$E+7?S+0X-J7\1,
MJ5Q)UH]7+DD'<X^/*U&QGS$[]3`!%%28@--34
2&X-1+69MGY5#/#1TB'



VISN[H5_
34GRD<8QIE5^_$%QI?9Z

2N2


HV7V<U#?+:%




M;6V/3WNC'AF[FIJ?%NO-:EOFN7S9/&:KF\?98CQAA[;[&!251DI

MK


M=;3]VL[_`.K\T*NN_9MVC7Y&9I!@QID^!:Z\4]Q[+Y$!0JGHO]M*/T(G'YR#





MCQ'R($V!IVMO-D

Y&)QD!


[0H%70
M`E$)9!D*#4E:\QF)YTP':/;1X2H3@_YH[QA?%?E9Y#(4-T3FZ]OY\NB
^L+
MXD2GF@7$D54


M(.M]=]\$5


23_D-1P4;\@\



HPHG--B$F%J0@7'$'8EK
MR[C2Y%Y0P+DIM88M1-(






M3SB)3[@:



M+O7E+PA60

M1*
(

-II4`O8
MA5;Z8.,.M&8,/-HF0!'&U2.\.(R1$7C@E%6\DDA4E?5(ZQO/P[6M:6)5E8<

M`A`82H(\H='_B%!;(.M12Q(C=B,L)C\..QA#TKJ)2U]#UTSDIYN&+TRAH'


M4

M
$?$.NJ(*Z[JX?:UPT9ENJ0CG'K%MB7`%JRSXM+A?KIY*)=QDMX^+Y7S9
MD!0GWA`T5A3[(D07'

M6W_/;9FN=TR\)5A&K3#8,VVT$@3RB

4^P

%3
YPFG0\M55




MR^YFE?H\XVEG&P4+%`.U%L*WHCM598[D-[
#G5#$T^:MHJKCV=@ZN=C[/
MFM,-`B*&2@XB6E)Q#)GJ`[\0`A2[R%!DXZHMHII@NGXM(AN3!&^N\QH''L\





)BML\.
M`GQ*'!NJ;


MS*$U5E#))1X.A$[/-DG4KV^T?HIPU.O384

-L\3#]DHU&8*
!A
AI
MRQ#&7AI;5M/DRC/HSQX0ZD;284HV:NR=%='7U!Y29ZDMDYUV6$`-IGBQ\564

MOW9+-AHG`#!04L*TBHMG092OY+/237IYUX+6+R[9V`SG`5




M@
?&25+&TTB'Y
ML

8.





AL@X)4&#

`#OEI9=HIZ0
'8[-Q]5B\=BX*,$B-ATT
M,Z3(1P@2.-4Z,A9X<;3_@!`SR?P<8?OM;HUBQ\#W'&&^GZW7L\+S&/*D2OL!
M9O#$<X:5I)1P%[G$WC*K@R'@TW-RU@/HR2`SO;YP;

M

*(*F@I8#*.PC)?R4:*G2)

TVQ)-9P';EC



D\]
M^)PF1AHBH






8^I=*3DB4_)6+E'[

[`E:]7RUO+R76TQB9))Y0+7G$BBKB&+:1EO)CJ_@$+5/GW$J&MV=Z
M/7_KAJQZ\]$

M[SH?H9/1BDY/IT2:@7D]*1'BP!8Q`A!1PK%T46A6RL4(3O461DB25(762HDT
?0(_50'CWR,B8@^)FBU?2G*?=L2<S
MHXDPCGDPRCPX





QZ8QSWV%90

MHXAVP!RL*NI

M8W$



M+U.HW7@!+W\D
X09%JT
D8HB_0L.686@\3;UH






ID.25(76.M;0
M#

MBIYIC.I2(AMU?SOK5V=*4C'L@Q5UO$!3MF\L)-J!5K__\.43-&IA]`Q9%)&U

M:C&_*^K3JH3I]POYV_3G


MQ\(_]W4&$KQ;7E;2W/(O98HB#CX5
T;)8`-EK+SQQFAN6*HWVWPW:&JL[4X)

$TUHO*GIV
RQF-AF\_O=K?[
M5H;_V



L!+58
:%--%5D1Y










J\
Z6D1.H)E8/T0XAFB:1FZ`^82


M[]+!%#@LU3$7[8P%K?8T;)


MR1#`?DY7)@Q'IY'0SZ#7\Z`?SQBD`N(IVW^?SF[CV5%M%IXY8[DR!A1)Q4Y=
M(
V

*(5SCLMC8Z31#H-$
MSEN0!%RH1XJ


M];;:?%U^ORRKJR3;+WOO@CVTC8)@0K!W8)B6@#G6BLM&T6N3N]T_1T
\GVI#

7]P\S8O[

24

M_@V

`(E@JXU[:$F
Y]C5*`;*OR)T@

A.F;P=$+_E)4U




M*-3IHA4P2B'6.!1@EZ0@-,!B;E7?2:

MF@681W

M0(BZHS;:F?.A25\2.\0WW0W5$_NFK?`

M%DPIA%V-0#`RMVKW!-7.B0WB;

UZ




M=P2
D_@%P:75S?C!FUFO
MFGD2.\3!W0W5*2R)?;NOD`E!*^$3;5)1-QBU$C$(R?43WJ$R]WV9B?SJ.P



.F$R7P




M#IC1/.Y/K+=



M?-P=4Z(1L@Q23J&R(HIV!E&.01FU

N4V#W1U

^:`5H^`N@E/(-HQA@D





;?!


_KV[OTSW(
M']:K+U$0WYY_U;+0=6ZK$%B&.&4-EL1X9JDAK
'#8I?KVIIBGF
_*]_0$$^.



'#5ZH:3U7UR8!#V96-=,X)
M]O7M]5]1.HLO95A<I32[A_U'V'<]7VC001G*A6,::86DY8V&IACE5N@\)U+D
M&[=/[9C*)E/Y6TJ$K?USWZ.N]!-7%L?_26__J9ET3J\D<+9N
RGK'PG.%(4






MB?CFNP4HQS%/E#$-4T5(44S,X&(W-#'E-U'_?*L#UA/2.;RZ&G%PMMHRI/
ME?G!


Q-2K[WG`Y2UX

V26`.C.Z7CN

``N&ZU0A%VT/DVL).@9!+,&Y<AZ1/#'6)8.'H!Y
ML%'5?EE7#Q<W2='63URWY'7T\X'\;BK#%1C22E8KX0*KD9.:CRC4\M#42J7
MN7W*91Q&[QW.\V#^2(OH1?576?U87I4;?15W')$&K3DF_7R@D((*3*T+@AAO

MTT;70U+:S8JXW)@/8Y()F4A')([T[VQ@@`#!YXS:P-&*R!!G.J9&[^W@3#
MW%-;^7-E
)HTE8^4RS29'-;WU=W7P2R,UZT7F-*-0+OG


MA)

:EKT2X&


-4
B$*U8\@0]C329C_/Q


*^-XS42ALD9G5CNBQ)[F=8S

',,$R-.J$;B5(==$FZ^.RW_
MLB&?%@7C5\O^2-BT5BA)%2(
*^XUU3P0L+3&!`N5N^Q.



1\0BS\_+6LRL7-W=ZB;)W;*KBF






M-3.Z;&\0ANQ

H*TX);HQWS\AD7.:/0

MGX919IOJL=UX/IW779;=M=S.5@HK*2.I6!2W5))T#T*Z/?
1`^%F=3GRB71;



M
Q+B6$4%&4.&82TH*V=I@)*E5@/U



MPO=!;1U-F1?9MC]]*3ZKQOP/!LJ

K0_V



=B/HIZO7LK
M7Z/2\YFV5#L1#MR*
2$55%;Z4A1T1
[*YTDY;G.+40_:W1A'MUB.'^)
V*2S




MVZ96VF7T95'6M



M

M0






MC!&$8R$9DHHH88C$5)1R
RG.U@]3GST['?5NV+9WWJC$LKWG
HL%L]J&TP@.
MTS2@Z;DOY90.@B';L9/T?I!5Z2AWPZ:+:=!!L5A6IM/^@QFCWC-!!)=Q4CH(
'R83`&'M';#(@*`-%+M
M4/!AQW%N&7KUD:TVT&MI;'M9++=W5;QW9<-1SX4M@]#AK:UB%`/%3/BG*5]=
MW]V?<*K\J4)E+NQ36\GUE6R2V\/D0$/&-*:6TFAP]X+A'?3PQ&9NEWO80.6
OQIA0M4N)17Q;F-M



MYWA5V_@9D
*%J0@$I=!XAI7&I(1#ITBE4EQ*Q['230T01XYOED[YNO;E^_
MX-7MU6
Q7]

@XK8@4K

M5-3:]\7R&P^Y8:L4Q
MIP1;3IDUJ)0;09W*J\^P?TO1_D%&G8YQ1]R:32;%:#E^*G0^OPN6.RS4:C[/

0E`.4.%W)+


\PT39]W#=7V[[!Q8//9!1Y#REFQ&'@+*7`2%E*9
*D'?`V[01JU8UK-_ZU
M]UASX(D




-\:66


E$50`D4@
M@5(;[7:K#G
ZU8/4P[O

B=M6P/Y^('2**2`FQ





M4YV'GX^*[_=%L3PB*31YS`PHZGF\89EY%_!!'()R#G)D0:KO#?Z*#C2D@A83
M-
KTZ]]FX4U?LDA?!X:_C/



*R45!F%)2SP4
M3KY;&U:/#

2`T$=


MP_41J59(V]E(_;FL0)6W/IYY*Q@F&&.E
#%(&BA!*95B!`\G(;Q^HM0`:
(Z

$,L-$!P3S7'TV6[1X10/:!==,UL.<K$1
M!?23GOE?M=-S,V0&73A;(F-#RL#]#`L&KMEQR@SH(KTOM$S20'#JD:0EG`M



QHK

M/#JO-Y)*88:TS6F%$&^F6=2$?E*^U\/C['8^GOEP!/[[?+9Z/)#1]?;'


8'!VA06NKV'%.2\&QQ?/K7\AXFJ^_5

M#&L2*

YY/DZKOS?

UGE;&?PU=9-*!&6N$8


=J)]FQ(![`/$NP.DXO[=XMX+LW//*5YY.N
6A$LX]8S
M)[51G'
;2IF\A1$5=^J0%.V![(





*AGW;V?7G\NLS7\L-NO-9/YQ%0WV*O]K$_$LMICG`M15S3)F
M@5J(5+4^$$.B60=62HHM&L%%U*Y5OKP8NGT<ZDX,]TS$NJ)51@S2NG@'+RAE
M0&JF`BEEY,2/:*_6C:KK\2<!VBO2YVP\N[)=7-@(%9H)3Z0T*FXX@8523BF2
MT[IOAT+-M%V/04G8IF3L3AY7L^DWM[F;/#R]6TQ/K/S5UQR;])%!4)AK291
M$EF





8;)@F@4`XXGK]&NNUM
MJJWE1=!
4/^_IX_OY]-*=;_\)
/!2
\UM\12@JD67.X'Q`A*O1@U0
=M1^IM


M;@@D686\

M


M+R4RP%+7K`%N1SNR+ZTQ[(
5?I._.DO-\K7;K%;'$W7K-
P*BH^4+M?R(-*#@\



`00R#N*4(

N
L^#M=YJ0EF


+2(VO'.T&ZW@0MGC1@_
B4$&





N7LV.=94)@Z2\`@2P.GBJ&P7R
5%:G!O@%N([NG20L@KQ(.
(N.<T:8<LZ`E`$[


M@W].X@[S3

9!BVXS2Z4OJC-1B670U%@@J$3).9EZIVF`









9:@HYZC(`4;*[8A2

MW413JN
Y(T0+ATF(APT*7/%23LS
F`[8EV1!HVS49I@/-QO5

40
1B09!;'
M:0EBCXY2:D05VCO29V4V:C
T4W(=DFLX2AK'(:FW3D6+R\`CNRM5@XHHJQF1









M





M8]R5G7
1/0/60S!L=QE1K#?NVV.Q6!];0=^TS+2@S'!H%2)`8&N5
/53&D[/






M[XJ;WXI\LS[N^OISRW!J8H`08














%\_K\

MFE`DA&;.X_7I)L7X`#

Q)?]H]O'ST#G1W#E5C^#U&G\Z_%JN'




M+'4K/

`QA*AV4XTEH#



9


M:$9.R=ATUG@+!G7!-N%.XZ=CYM&'NP.M
@!*Q?-
M\_WD)'/M_^]W.<1W2?+7[]
I)O35J


S5=C6[S]?[!\_3F-CXN8Q8P1EV

9\?
MW$@U]LL@Y!I!9R$+YU8-L0
\XF2T](!QGQJA./[%
9TJYPV(R?V1/U2/WG

QXXJ'X3.+
M-





AB/;/'-'A(.


L&\:I5A8814E(2Y!JPRW'A&*AEB@,%TV)*@
MM_<TGX3;$+K_+7#_8?O0J/T?VF7(6<LP@M(XSS61P$E7R:&P3LT!/E;]GZJ]
M97_8#<*!_%L[#KQNEV&/*?5(A\,Y]$`Z8F`]'ZQ0J1P8X3M++QSH@-T0'#B\
M!JY?+X(-^XD3OI+%O/DHYEX1$#LF8S4B5B/I_)1B`^RXSB?+B[
Q^]C_SU_
M:':N._%+&6+&82AXF.!:4HX]
YAN^X9,P;Y6(89.,`<
9J7(
#7&JU


MT'I_GXSYA8^7OZR6Z\0[CEW7#


.2\+XP

MKN]L$P]EX[0BWH0-O4%=,+EV)N?OHHIPC:'4I_WSAS1`OD$)`D'(D`1TCX
M^NS
L$^-81VA9_19V=`;PL/8DY^LGOLVFV]ORL5=Y0]VU+0T=\]D$$]X#($5


OM#^4TC_G0_EAWT\?
(!X;BN(&VY.P%JE*
M&NU0Z@4C/-?$[$4SAVJ(ID`R2'Z+:H#7LV*1K\IE4W*_]]IGT@09''$L/NG%







O2Z8)=08PSH$%%7;`


Y&3V)/*BFX$:F^

MEOCA'GD^$C]Z0G
(KE3A!;\^/.8QSN&5L=O_IQTBQS=

MX%`ZD]
M%98Q4=M

=
XEYS`-I;)!1
M6Z&



M^L^-8^TDC:'2C!CH.$([46,$A%)DX-EP1YTQN00U#C2]!


M)K?+_5MB5
ZJ;\;#N`27]&.$*AK$\9F;__;B5-+X8*4&PC(H$6&(`


`/CL98JR*E!S`M+&AF)
M1%?4D&!




M02R753.


M8!W@C1PV/]9PAIO#(!QX!7:3GF@^)F3.=P\.E-6-

2()5;
MV4!/2JZN-.C+`P.1BGIFB=1-JZ%L^RDIEUV];\9;G%34H'XR)AK\]S80])

M*WL

Q@??7[[^6FSK(

%B2^+@HYIK0UBFC92(=]=];4VS%R

PN4:ZG/
&QL!)Z-AG


B'1N9TZ27`$6NV!`YYH+#QE


131WR5



M+-WNHTINJ[O33YX'F71JJ

JBI



M4EU3=Y/

M!L'V+0+:72%-\M;W%Q_(





M:GGWHPX!/E9.F41/7'ZD!$V1-D%P
FIQ13113'B+N)!('1:#:0QPIRMQ;%UQ


A(CSO)N0-BG)USG[5'*\`L
M5H)Y1JC4F!'E$9-U(2RW.9CLR;;




!?


3


F-)!+H;^#X`C08(_/;/





M(._
R]B1S3D*
Q[2G'JF-+!#/HR4;$5Q!J[Y?46='EF\7;D/9PLWH#Y[+MVW

M](%X?F4S


(4@Q3
M&V

\W

MR-1-I(VNT7AVJT]1?SZ=ZJ
9&AK:E3$T9H9N_G;V4NQ+C8%'K#']77Q^6;51


M=[V+YH3C5NVP2L&YR+@6DNZOP/:$/$]\%I\JTT4JI'@HZKV3#D5_S`T34!R/


5NHYM\9CY%7;X

-5%^[CD68IW
/_ODPD$KD*A#]4`51\Q9:[.UX

MJ&8K^G!=:BI

V5B^0^(&O]
`4




MFJ[_W@/$#;:I-W0]CWA3LG!7U/X_8AE4QXSR]XG'-$'JEEBK^H/V48Q0DT8R
MSJM(\T98\Q





=

-&.*OFC#N8[N=

MH


3D7_


MR=
I]@E_%Y#R

<]<PQ\B+MP&7'9TU3$]1$DD1)Y41*3=DY7BXQ
M!L&GCEIY:@T)]LCXWK%7PA:O[VZ``J)2-&K=!)AAZI/*#EUIL8JYDNSJR*&N
MF3H:7PV-&_%JM_DSO^_GSHA8P=__OIEK4VTTT]NW&%FVXLNFJ^7.'\D(Q41`


K-LNM3*[2B(P\G3[2#
+[/?DI\.VQP

M%*YHM1\DSH8:T

L0[G/GP'QXYDFH7VY[;

M'6=0ECDOM_
=]72CO\$@-==RDY?27)/M0NS.2CH:%4?$GQ!FNY:]B++W7:_N
M).8(!JBIEELB:D0U


MKVJ;H^9:+JA7D6OQ8!=S+#7NYYUW8OGL


M?



R2W9%&%(8D)*+*!#Q.I%1UO:@-8:UGC4%J+US8N9*=/')0U

A^'%.MQ1[(]'
V-THX_Z

MVJ=$K')



-X5?D;-?V0F
$'PA+M0(UN+D]
MD!)P


#;$D

3'+9%1


=(@6%]9O**Y?9`$Z7

[C\V)_G\=*T




6;7]H0



`K](
5X`FQ?'(=TP]Q@^_GDZ9XY]B?;
M)YL3Y(/UGT^H2VFP^62Y&VQ3`Q[P0IV@,.%6',DU$PFM@$73FK-\41+3(\BG
M9$'L!V[,+1#YZMG</B3F%R:I4X3PEXU+H2=BSR_+<!_NI(<D'O;EY7
IIX/

AI
MAQ^OJR-9H2S1YEQ^GG#3:MDOZA76<QUK`?N!LU<DSA.ANPE$KY:GRQK?(@6

!!U#0A%]X&9U?


MDDY'5/`*FQ[
U$S?Y?


M/N_$1^8FS+DG[C9:D




.&^&?E.PD5:E*Y466K!EOV99*EF<J
MCS`)B8A)P`'(L;2_/FB`-P&2.F;9RLO6K-`\35Q-/H\6.\%_0\KN*@YD?*X

D
M2VRUNDI`]O/!WP'='M$WWR!3&Q_D)8T,4AX,_;EA3[):?S`OY(X[I@K?8WX
M;$,+)FF0KFDU-YBQCJRER1I(QJDPPA.7RG6

(QLR
M
QC_HUJ465O#.I(6G4IU(1+]-5BP
IK1+`XS9&PAGL8G![<_MP;EJ]0`OM^J/
(^
(7D$[?P!T
M%WZ3*ZITVJ9$/U$\SN[J3NC'_6I7W)(MSIP_R.3.Q^ZI&I4&N+J#7%Z8EA_X

MJI8F$A

M.]G3\`ET!$5B[#(^=9`*V]'I_6(`Q
R^]9FZO^

MB*VX7B4BSCA\8NMXJ
Q=[$WO7*Z:`2\3HT`2]E@UQ5WN!]O:)Y329^'[;;
M44FAQNP=33\IY2\?`J!:%R=E;@;U(V)!-)/4&NYIN)0B`?E&*7NAE
I[$WO

MZI6'5

\B2014+

04


@C9O:T8SQF^K2LWE:T0%SFS%LQ

*M!Y-/`
T
M$$%:2

XW1\^B)&T



W^[X_9?&
M3XSBN9V4

4IF&WU\3S$G]?J6[X!6PILU)OZIP'%9G/P18S6'V+*PJ

M2TA\=6'LB4I]+LWVDEJ38

47II3()'-GPO6V

Z)UD^#$52J[QZ3QR=/J1ZV
M$?D)4

I

H
4B%#]@ST;(-B;\2






WE9\
L.&[O


MAAE


CXULU%X

M%-2RW%L5K&.U#G+C2L





RR?:92R'S3RXJ176^)
M!:`6

UHHZH'?92JB[=)F_F:$4


#`
4/3``0`!@`

#$S


#$S


#$S

M)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%`````@`8720K'9H^_#`P$`NR@-`!0`&```````
M`0```*2!IA\&`'-F9TR
#$S

M)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%`````@`8720D(2M.*/)```;9X!`!``&```````
M`0```*2!MR,'`'-F9TR
#$S

 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedPerformanceBasedUnitsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsPresentValueOfNetMinimumPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_CommitteedFundsForApprovedCapitalProjects'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsCurrentCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCumulativeChangesInNetGainLossFromCashFlowHedgesEffectNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ChangeInUnrealizedGainLossOnFairValueHedgingInstruments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ChangeInUnrealizedGainLossOnHedgedItemInFairValueHedge'

M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T,V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U865?.#-A-5\P9C$T
M-&9B8S`P,3$B#0H-E1H:7
@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U865?.#-A-5\P
M9C$T-&9B8S`P







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



T0B5V]R:W-H



T0B5V]R:W-H

241!5$5$7U-4051%345.5%]/1E]32$%2

T0B5V]R

\+W@Z


M1E]
3TY'3$E6141?05-31513/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^1$52259!5$E615-?1DE.04Y#24%,7TE.4U1254U%/]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^24Y615-4345.
M5%








M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^24Y#

M968]
&-E
M;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA
M;64^4$5.4TE/3E]!3D1?3U1(15)?4D5425)%345.5%]0/]X.DYA;64^#0H@






O4VAE970R




M+U-H965T
C
N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@

C0N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@



O4VAE970R-2YH





M





S$N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7




O4VAE970S
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-





M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^15%5








\


M14Y404Q?0T%32%]&3$]77TE.1D]234$Q/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R





O4VAE970T

M3%5!5$E/3E]!3D1?455!3$E&64E.1U]!0T-/53$\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@(`\


M968]

O4VAE






T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


T0B5V]R:W-H

7TE.4U1254U%
M


M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K


M1$52259!5$E615-?1DE.04Y#24%
&-E








M+U-H965T-3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@










O4VAE970V-2YH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E




O4VAE970V-RYH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS


T0B5V]R:W-H
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-
MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^1$55%]#;VYV






O4VAE970W




14%315]/0DQ)1T%424].4U]#3TU-251-

M


M968]



M($A2968]





M='

M7T]42$527U)%5$E214U%3E1?4#




T0B5V]R


O4VAE970X
BYH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS




M14Y324].7T%.1%]/5$A%4E]2151)4D5-14Y47U`W/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@






M86UE/E!%3E-)3TY?04Y$7T]42$527U)%5$E214U%3E1?4#D\+W@Z3F%M93X-





\+W@Z3F%M





T0B5V]R


T0B


M


O4VAE970Y


545?345!4U5214U%








O4VAE970Q
#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@


M971S+U-H965T
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O

O4VAE970Q
#

3`T+FAT




O4VAE970Q
M
#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC

#I.86UE
M/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O
M4VAE970Q
#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@



M545.5%]%5D5.5%-?1&5F:6YI=&EV95]-/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R


2YH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS



M04Q5051)3TY?04Y$7U%504Q)1EE)3D=?04-#3U4R/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@


M







31?-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
30T9F)C
#`Q
0T*



]

M:60]

M26X@0FEL;&EO;G

@;W1H97)W


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

]


M
3$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T


T1T

]
T1R

]
T1T
M97AT/E--251(1DE%3$0@1D]/1%


]

]
T1T97AT/BTM
#0M




]


]





]








]
T1T


M



S@L.34R+#8Q.#QS


T1T;W`^









V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S
M835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P
#$Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+S0S9F0U834X7S-E
31?-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
30T9F)C
#`Q

M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$571D%'/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M


^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N

C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`R.2P@
C`Q



]


RPP.30N



]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$Q+#DP





2PS




]
T1N=6UP





]


]


]

]

\

M





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@





S
N






M(#$X



]


]
M

]
M

]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BXR




]


]



]

]

38R+C




]


]
T1N=6UP/C$N



MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P
#$Q
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S0S9F0U834X7S-E
31?
M-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
30T9F)C
#`Q

#
N:'1M











SXQ
B!-;VYT:'


]

2P@
M
C`Q

]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@


V


]


]


]


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5')A;G-L871I;VX@861J=7-T;65N=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@



C`N


]


]


]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q

M;3XH





]



M=F4@9V%I;G


]




]
T1N=6T^*#$P

]


]
T1N=6T^*#$N-BD\



3`U+C
I/'-P86X^



M
C4X+C


]


]

M+C

M9F0U834X7S-E
31?-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
30T9F)C
#`Q





]

T1)1#!%


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]


]
T1R

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@





]

M1&YU;7`^

]
T1P


]
T1N=6UP/C(R

M;7`^









T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I;&P\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/C4R
BXV/'-P86X^





]
T1N=6UP/C$V




C(N


]






\+W1D



T1T;W`^06-C;W5N
M='


M9VX]



M

2PW-#8N


]

2PY


]





S







]






]
M


#`@875T

]
T1N=6UP



#`L
#`P+#`P
M




]
T1N=6UP/C$L




]



BPS


]
M




T1T;W`^





]
T1N=6UP/C`N



]
T1N=6UP/C
L

]
M


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T
V9D-6$U
M.%\S93$T7S0U865?.#-A-5\P9C$T-&9B8S`P




M97%U:78]


]



M9SY#3TY33TQ)1$%4140@0D%
04Y#12!32$5%5%
@*%!!4D5.5$A%5$E#04PI


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



]
T1N=6UP/B0@





2PP
#`L

2PP
#`L




]
T1N=6UP/C4P


]


]
T1N
M=6UP/C$U-RPT
#@L

M/5].97AT4&%R=%\T
V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U865?.#-A-5\P9C$T-&9B8S`P
M






]

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^




]


T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M92`H











M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U



M:6%T:6]N(&%N9!A;6]R=&EZ871I;VX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]





]

M

]



]
T1N=6UP/C0N
CQS

]
T1N=6UP
M/CDN

]


]


\+W1D







]

]
T1N=6T^*#







@86YD(&]T:&5R(&-U

M


]


]




]




]

]
T1N=6T^*#4P+C



]
T1R






]
T1N
M=6T^*#(Y


]

]
M




M9VX]






]




]





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@




]



]



C4T+C








]






]
M
T1N=6T^*#$U



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$S+CD\

M+C

M;7`^

]


]
T1N=6T^*#


]


]
M
T1N=6UP/C
N


]
T1N=6UP/C$N

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%S:!P;W-T960@87
@8V]L;&%T97)A;#PO

]

M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R


]




@9G)O









C0N
M



\+W1D/@T*



M9#5A-3A?
V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P
#$Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S0S9F0U834X7S-E
31?-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
M
30T9F)C
#`Q





^+RH@1&\@


$58






]


M=&5R97-T(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@


BP@
C`Q
#PO=&0^#0H@



]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
2PV






#$P



#`P+#`P
#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

]
T1N=6UP/C$N

]








3`P+#`P


]


]




]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+C
\


M


]
T1N=6T^*#$N






]




]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3W1H97(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]
T1N=6T^*#`N





]




]

I(&%T=')I8G5T86)L92!T;R!N;VYC

M86QI9VX]

]


C4X+C



T1T;W`^5&]T86P@97%U:71Y(&%T($UA

#$L(#(P


38Y+C(I/'-P86X^

2XQ/'-P


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

]




#`L


]


]



T1T;W`^27-S=6%N
M8V4@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!A;6]U;G0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]







]




]


]


]

]
T1P

]



]



#QS



]





]



]
T1N=6UP/C


]
T1N=6UP/C`N-#QS

]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C
V


S8Q+C







]



]











S8P





















]


]


]

]
M


]
T1N=6T^*#
X



]





]


]


]


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^27-S=6%N8V4@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!A;6]U;G0\

M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@P+C@I/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6UP


M;7`^


]











M;7`^
3DN


]





]





M


M1&YU;7`^

]





]








]


]
T1N=6UP/C$X
RXX/'-P




]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T

]










]
T1N=6T^


]


]


]



C@L
M(#(P
3

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@





38N
M


]

C`Q








31?-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
30T9F)C
#`Q
0T*



]

M:60]


]





]
T1T





#`P
#`P.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[








T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


L(&%S('=E;&P@87
@86QL

M97

@87)E(&%C8V]U

&5R8VES92!S
M:6=N:69I8V%N=!I;F9L=65N8V4@:7


M97







@:6X@969F96-T(&%T('1H92!B86QA;F-E('-H965T(&1A




@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&ES(&EN8VQU9&5D(&%S(&$@8V]M





@9&5N;VUI;F%T960@


M;F5T)B
Q-C`[9V%I;G

M;G



#`P

M;CIN;VYE.SXD

T1F;VYT


3!P

#`P

M
C`Q



'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P





'!T



#`P

M;CIN;VYE.SYF:7-C86P@
C`Q

3!P

#`P

M
C`Q

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SY/=7(@4&]L:7-H(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@:&%V92!D:69F97)E;G0@9FES8V%L


M(&]N(&$@;VYE+6UO;G1H(&QA9RX@5V4@9&\@;F]T(&)E;&EE=F4@=&AE(&EM


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



@9V5N
M97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P=&5D(&EN('1H92!5+E
N+!W:&EC:!R97%U:7)E('5S

M9F9E8W0@=&AE(&%M;W5N='


M;6%T97
N)B







#LS


M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




M

3(P



@=&\@8F4@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A

@4F5C96EV86)L


M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



T1F;VYT+69A





M('1O(&%M;W5N='


@




#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD

3!P=#L^(&%N

M;F4[/B0Q-BXP)B



M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E


M

'!T.SY);G9E;G1O







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Y(')O=W-P86X]

M=&@]



M



T0Q



M


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



Q-C`[

M;F4O/C(P
3

T1V97)T:6-A


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




M

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)B



M/3-$






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE












M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT




M;VTZ



M/3-$

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^.38P+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M,T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#L^

M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXY
XT/]F







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M93HQ



M

M

M86X]


M93HQ

M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M

'!T.SX\9F]N





M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG



3X\9&EV



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


#`P
#`P

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^5&]T86P@:6YV96YT;W)I97
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S






P
#`P


3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




P
#`P



#`P




3!P=#L^
BPP-S(N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ










3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ


M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ





3!P=#L^(&%T)B
Q-C`[



#`P




M)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




#`P
#`P

RXQ(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I

3!P=#L^(&%T(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^07!R:6PF
M(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY


38P.S(Y






'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
F4Z,3!P=#L^(&%N9`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M
F4Z
M

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^9FES8V%L(#(P
3

T1F

'!T.SXL(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
CPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ



3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P

BXX(&UI;&QI;VX\




#`P
#MT97AT

3!P=#L^(&EN

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^9FES8V%L(#(P
3

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N




#`P

M;CIN;VYE.SXR



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W1E


T1F




M











2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


38P.S(X+`\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SXR,#$S/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L







Q-C`[








G!X.W!A9&1I




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


T1F







M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M9G0Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M






M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


#MP


M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R














G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M;&4]

'!T.SXU+3(U




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V












M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ.#(N,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F



M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A




M-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.SXQ-38N,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M



M





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


P
M
#`P



P
#`P
#`[










38P


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P


M



3!P=#L^*#(L








3X\9&EV


P
#`P




#`P


M;W1T;VTZ



M;&4]




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P


M




M(S`P
#`P

G!X.V)O






'!T.SXR+#(Y.XT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P



7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P




M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^)B








M(&%N(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S970@:7


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ











3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T








M;F]M:6





M:6
@96-O;F]M:6





M('-T97`@:7


M





L(&EN8VQU


M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#L^(&%S(&]F(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M07!R:6PF(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M


M

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z






M





T0Y)2!R;W=S




M/3-$


T1V97)T


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



Q-C`[

M

T1V97)T



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W`Z





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



38P

M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$







G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




F4Z
3!P=#L^
C
N
#PO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^
3
N





G!X.R!R



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1V97)T:6-A











3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


S+C$\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXS


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY!8V-U;75L871E



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



M





38P.SPO9F]N




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXH
C4N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED


P
#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



3!P=#L^)B

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



G!X.V)O


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]




M;W`Z


M;&4]

'!T.SXS-2XV


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M;W`Z











M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^
S
Y+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXS-#`N


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


3!P=#L^


M

T0G=F5R=&EC




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O










M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C;VQS



P
#`P













M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



3!P=#L^5&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L
M=65S(&]F('1R861E;6%R:W




@86YD('1R861E;6%R:W


M:71E+6QI=F5D(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S(&5X8V5E9'
@=&AE:7(@9F%I











#`P
#`P

RXQ(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93L^)#
N



'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P





'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3
\+V9O


M93HQ



M=&5D('1O(&)E)B



#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD

M;&4]

'!T.SXN)B
Q

M93HQ


M0V]S='
L(%!R96UI=6US(&%N9!$:7-C;W5N=',\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
6QE






M+B8C

M





'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/DEN=F5S=&UE


3!P=#L^)B



M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^-3PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/DEN8V]M
M92!487AE<SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R


@86YD('1H





M:&%T(&EN8VQU9&5S('1H92!E;F%C=&UE;G0@9&%T92X@5F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L
M;&]W86YC97
@87)E(&5S=&%B;&ES:&5D('=H96X@;F5C97-S87)Y('1O(')E


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M8V%T:6]N(&]F(&-O;7!L97@@=&%X(&QA=W
N(%-I9VYI9FEC86YT(&IU9&=M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A

M;&EA8FEL:71I97


@:6X@;W1H97(@;&EA8FEL:71I
M97

M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M9B!T:&4@9V%I;G












@86YD(&5X


N($-H86YG97
@:6X@87-S
M=6UP=&EO;G

@8V]U;&0@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A

M9W)A;7



'!T.SXF(S$V



3!P=#L^5V4@87)E('-E;&8M
M:6YS=7)E9!F;W(@8V5R=&%I;B!L979E;',@;V8@9V5N97)A;!A;F0@=F5H


M;7
@:7

N
M)B



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M93HQ

M96UE;G0L('-E8W5R:71I97
L(&5N=FER;VYM96YT86PL('!R;V1U8W0L('1A


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY!

M;F=E;G0@;&EA8FEL:71I97


@:7



@:7




3!P=#L^3W5R(&-O;G1I;F=E
M;G0@;&EA8FEL:71I97





M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
6QE/3-$



@:6YC96YT


3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M

'!T.SX\9F]N


M960@87

M8V]S='





M




#`P

M:7-C86P@
C`Q


#`P
M


3!P=#L^(&%N

M;F4[/C(P





M9VAT.C$R




3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SY297-E87)C:!A;F0@





M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P





#`P
M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



#`P







'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







L('-U8V@@87








#`P

M;VYE.SXR+C$F(S$V


38P




M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
2XX)B
Q-C`[;6EL;&EO;CPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



#`P
#`P

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N




#`P

M;VYE.SXR



3$\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXL


M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T,V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U865?.#-A-5\P
M9C$T-&9B8S`P,3$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-#-F
M9#5A-3A?
V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P

O
M4VAE970P.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]

T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H









M+!,3$,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
M





#`P

M;VYE.SXD
C0N









N(`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.C$R



M='



M;65N=X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
M

@86-Q=6ER960L(&QI86)I;&ET







M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A9&1I




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M





38P.SPO9F]N


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

M;6EL;&EO;G


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


3!P


M93HQ





B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






M:'0Z





38P.SPO







T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^4')O

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




3X\




G!X.R!R









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^
3(N-#PO9F]N=#X\




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P

2!C;VQS










M


@

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


U+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I


3!P=#L^)B



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B






'!T.SXP+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T


G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXP+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT


3!P=#L^)B




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

M/3-$



P
#`P


3X\

M
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






M
#`P

Q-C`[;6EL;&EO



#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD
BXV)B
Q-C`[;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N




#`P

M;CIN;VYE.SXD
XQ)B,Q-C`[;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS









@8F%S960@;VX@82!F


M
#`P

3!P=#L^(&EN


31?-#5A95\X
V$U
M7S!F
30T9F)C
#`Q






]





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D1)4U!/4T%


3!P=#LG/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


#$R*2P@=V4@86YN;W5N8V5D('1H870@=V4@=V]U;&0@

@86YD(&QU;F-H;65A



#$S+BX@5&AE(&5X



M93HQ

@9&5C:7-I;VXL('=E

@97AP96-T960@=&\@8F4@9V5N97)A


@
M8F]O:R!V86QU92X@07



M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#0N-!M:6QL:6]N/]F

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P







#`P

M.SXD
XX)B,Q-C`[;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M

#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#`N-B8C
38P.VUI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T

M87)T97(@;V8@9FES8V%L(#(P

M

3!P=#MF;VYT





M86QI8SL^5&5X87









#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#DN
28C
38P.VUI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T
M.SX@86YD(')E8V]G;FEZ960@82!L;W-S(&]N('1H92!S86QE(&]F(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#$N


M=6-T:6]N('-E9VUE;G0@:6X@=&AE('1H:7)D('%U87)T97(@;V8@9FES8V%L
M(#(P


M:6]N.FYO;F4[/B0S
BXU)B

@
M82!R97-U;'0@;V8@=&AE('-A;&4L('=E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@82!G86EN(&]F

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^)#$S+C8F(S$V







@86YD






C`Q
2DL('=E(&-O





M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#8N.28C
38P.VUI;&QI;VX\




3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P



@86QL;V-A=&5D('1O('1H:7
@8G5S:6YE









M









M

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P
F4Z,3!P=#L^(&EN(&9I<V-A;`R
#$R+B!4:&5S92!C:&%R9V5S(&%R

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





3!P=#L^26X@2G5N92`R




M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




M(S@R


#`P
#`P

M

'!T.SX@:6YT97)E





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY)
M;B!397!T96UB97(@
C`Q
`H9FES8V%L(#(P,3$I+!W92!W97)E(&YO=&EF




@9F]R(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M)#$V-RXP)B



M5&AE(&=A:6X@=V%S(&-A;&-U;&%T960@87






;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T
V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U865?.#-A-5\P9C$T-&9B8S`P
M



]


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]

@1DE.04Y#24%
($E.4U12

]







T1T;W`^1$52259!5$E615
@1DE.
M04Y#24%
($E.4U1254U%3E13/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M




M;VUM;V1I='D@8V]N=')A8W0@=&5R;7






M9V5S(&EN('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F(&$@9&5R:79A=&EV92!D97!E;F1S


M960@87



M97)R960@=&\@87













3(P)3MP

M








#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^07!R:6PF(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O







M;G0@:6UP86-T(&]N)B


#MC87-H(&-O;&QA=&5R86P@=&\@
M8V]V97(F(S$V
#MN970F(S$V
#ML;W-S97
@;VX@;W!E;B!D97)I=F%T:79E

M9&5D+B8C

#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^07!R:6PF(S$V

38P.V%R92!S=6)J96-T('1O(&-R961I=!R:7-K(')E;&%T
M960@8V]N=&EN9V5N=8C


#LF(S$V









M969A=6QT+B`F(S$V


M97


38P.T1E=&5R;6EN871I;VX@;V8@=&AE(&-R961I




M=&EO;BX@07



#`P



3!P=#L^


38P.S(X+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T


#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^07!R:6PF(S$V

M.C$R

M:79A=&EV92!P;W)T9F]L:6\@=F%R:65S(&9R;VT@=&EM92!T;R!T:6UE(&)A







3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




@;V8@;W5R(&]P96X@9&5R:79A=&EV92!F:6YA
M;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='

'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO


T0P



M
T0U

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P




F4Z.'!T.V9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D%S<V5T<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I




#LR


G!X.W!A9&1I




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

M;8C,38P.S(Y+`\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SXR

P
#`P



G!X.V)O





G!X.V)O




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SXR






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M:6X@;6EL;&EO;G



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



T1F

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#MF








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T







M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X





M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT


M='






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;VTZ





M93HQ



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M93HQ

T1V


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


U+C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




3X\9&EV('-T







M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T






M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N






G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





'!T.SXP+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT








3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





'!T.SXF(S@R




P
#`P
#`[

M
#`P

2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

F4Z
M,3!P=#L^-C`N,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
M
#`P

2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

F4Z
M,3!P=#L^-S0N,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
M
#`P

2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



#`P
M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L









M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R






M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I






M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXY+C$\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.SXQ






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXQ

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^-RXT



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^
XW/]F;VYT/CPO





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M




M.C




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY%


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


N
M



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B










3X\9&EV('-T









G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,BXR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



P
#`P




3!P
M=#L^





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





'!T.SXP+C

M;&4]

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M




T1T97AT+6%L










#`P

M9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,BXS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




#`P

M9G0Z




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q








M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q






'!T.SXR







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V














M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P












M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





M97

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^07!R:6PF(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S

T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E


M:7




M=&\@96%R;FEN9W





F4Z,3!P=#L^+!T:&4@<F%N9V4@;V8@


M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M


3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Y(')O=W-P
M86X]

T0Q


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


2!C







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X




M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B




M





M=&%L:6


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A




G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


P+#@X-2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ
M
30L-3(U+#`P
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



S9P








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE



M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


38P.U1O
M;G

T1V97)T



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A














38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXU-CDL.3(P+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B







M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXQ













G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
M
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R
M.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q

T0G

3I4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z






T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I


M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M



T0Q



T0Q)2!R



T0V)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V



#`P

M


M;&4]





M





38P.SPO9F]N

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P


M



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


3
\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

7!X('-O

P
#`P



M;&4]




M



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]




P
#`P



G!X


C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P
#`[)R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P

M;&4]



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT

M;VQD.SXR


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P



P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ


7!X('-O;&ED


M
C`Q






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






M




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M



'0M


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A





M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L




38P.SPO





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M










T1F;VYT



M;&4]

'!T.SXU+C4\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

2!C







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,#@N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N








T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M;W`Z

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\








T1F;VYT+69A






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


R
M+C




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXH-#0N-3PO9F]N







M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M9RUT;W`Z
















T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R








G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXI




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXH




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A







#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


P
#`P


M



3!P=#L^*#(N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P








P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


3!P=#L^


M


#`P
M




3X\9&EV('-T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





M



'!T.SXH


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M


#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^5&]T86P\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



3X\9&EV('-T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P




M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S




P
#`P


M


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

M



P
#`P


3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C



P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T





M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






3!P=#L^*#`N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P

'!T.SX\9F]N







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P



M



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R





3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ


M;&4]

'!T.SY&;W(@






3!P=#L^(&]N

M96QA=&EO;G-H:7!S('1H870@=V5R92!R96-L87-S:69I960@9G)O;2!A8V-U

Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
M
3



'!T.SXL)B

Q-C`[;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

2XS(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^


M
'!T.SXL)B

2`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P




M

#`P

M86P@




M;&4]

'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P




@87
@=&AE:7(@

39P

3!P=#MF;VYT+7-T

F(S$V

M;VTZ

3!P=#L^




@86YD('1H

M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M






#`P
#`P.W1E

C`Q

M=&AE(')A;F=E(&]F(&YO=&EO;F%L('9O;'5M97

M;G0Z

'!X.SX\





M/3-$



M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O



M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M







G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXR.#8L.#`P+#`P
M



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)B

M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O





@:6YD

M











T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B








M



'!T.SXF(S$V



#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

M.F)O;&0[/C(P
3

T0G=F5R

M;W`Z


#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





P
#`P

M/3-$





G!X





#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

M.SXR

P
#`P


G!X.W!A




C`Q
SPO9F]N

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


M



G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B








T0Q
2!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH:6X@;6EL;&EO;G








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY#





M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M/3-$






'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M9G0Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M;&4]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


#PO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B










T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]




3!P=#L^)B

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


F4Z,3!P
M=#L^+!G86EN<R!O9B`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]



M



#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SYF:7-C86P@
C`Q


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ



'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M


3!P=#L^+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DL(&]N(&-L;W-E9!C;VUM

@87





M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P

2!M:6QL:6]N




3!P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I
M;VXZ;F]N93L^9FES8V%L(#(P

T1F;VYT

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^9FES8V%L
M(#(P




M

3!P=#MF;VYT


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




N(%5N9&5R('1H92!M87)K+71O+6UA

@87)E(')E8V]R9&5D(&EN


M871I=F4@97AP96YS97


3(P)3MT

3!P=#L^1'5R:6YG(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M9FES8V%L(#(P
3



'!T.SXL('1H92!R86YG92!O9B!N;W1I;VYA

M=')U;65N='

M



M;&4]




2!C;VQS


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M/3-$


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY-87AI;75M/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

7!X('-O




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M/3-$






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXS
C`L




M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO






M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#@P+#`P


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^4V]Y8F5A;B!M



M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


S+#DT-3PO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





M



M







M

'!T.SY3;WEB96%N







3!P=#L^
34U+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





G!X








M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ

#`P+#`P



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$=F5R

M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXY+#
W

M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



G!X


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,2PP,S`L,#`P/]F






M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A






'!T.SY$:65S96P\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B
X



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT








M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B
X


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M;W`Z


M93HQ

3!P=#L^/'-U


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXQ
S$L.#0U+#(P



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


M
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
M
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([
M)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q


M

M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ






M


3(P

3!P=#L^5&AE(&9O


M('1H92`F(S@R
C`[;6%R:RUT;RUM87)K970F(S@R





M/3-$




M/3-$



M



2!C



2!C;VQS




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E





#`P

G!X


#`P



P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I




C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C











M/3-$




3!P=#L^
3(N.3PO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



2!C;VQS


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








3X\




F4Z
3!P=#L^-C
N-#PO9F]N=#X\


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#L^



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B










G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]





P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


3!P=#L^


M

T0G=F5R=&EC




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




M





G!X.W!A






'!T.SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





F4Z,3!P=#L^-#8N,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS<'@@9&]U8FQE

M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS




7!X('-O



M92!M;W9E;65N='











3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\







]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



M(S`P
#`P


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^26YV97-T;65N='

2!C;VQS


T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO



M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^17%U:71Y($EN=F5S=&UE;G0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T





#`P

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

Q

T1V97)T:6-A


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




M

C`Q
M

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L


T1N;VYE+SXR


G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B








M;&4]

'!T.SY#86UP
M;V9R)B
R


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[








T1F;VYT+69A



M

'!T.SXS-S8N
CPO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^
S@U+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^

T1V97)T:6-A










M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T




2!C;VQS



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS








3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M
#L@<F]W



3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P
#`[


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU,S(N-#PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



#`P







M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

M






'!T.SXU
C(N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






M;W5R(&]P:6YI;VXL(&1O97

M;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
N(#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY%






@:6X@=F%L=64L('=H:6-H(&ES(&]T:&5R('1H86X@



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I

M
3!P=#L^07

C`Q
SPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P

&-H86YG92`H36%D<FED($5X8VAA;F=E*2X@07
@=&AE('1A8FQE




@3F5W


T1W:61T
M:#HW





M


3(P)3MT

3!P=#L^=&AE(&UI;F]R


N








T0G9F]N



'!T

@;VX@0T9')W


@=&AE(&%B:6QI



M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




3!P=#L^)B
X


M5&EM97

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P



!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ-G!X.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@


M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG






M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93LG/B8C.#
V-#LY+C(X



M;'DZ5&EM97

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M

#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93LG/B8C.#

3!P

@

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


M;W=N=V%R9!F;'5C='5A=&EO;G,@:6X@8F5T=V5E;BX@/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


@8V%R

@9'5R

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M/3-$



M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

M=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY$871E/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M



P
#`P














G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV



M;W1T;VTZ










3!P=#L^-RXR
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C








M/3-$



M




G!X




#$R





M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M/3-$






M93HQ



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M93HQ


M;&4]


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




3X\

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^07!R:6P@
C@L(#(P
3

T1F;VYT+69A


M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P
M=#XF(S$V
#LH
2D@*#(I/]S=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T






M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\



M.#





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



2!C;VQS




M/3-$

M96EG:'0Z

3!P
M=#L^)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([
M)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
M
C$R.R8C.#(Q




M.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X.SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^/'-U


T1F


M97


M


3X\+W1D/CQT



M86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XH
M


T1V





M
38P.S

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






@9&5C:7-I;VYS(&]F('1H92!C;VUP86YY+B`\+V9O

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

M



T1F;VYT

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[





@8V%L8W5L871E







Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3
\+V9O


M93HQ

M+B!)9B!T:&4@=')E;F1S(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EN9R!T;R!O=7(@;&]W97(@97-T
M:6UA=&4@;V8@0T9')W


M('1H92!M;W-T('-E;G-I=&EV92!F86-T;W)S(&%F9F5C=&EN9R!O=7(@9F%I



M;F0@=V4@9&5T97)M:6YE('1H870@=&AE(&1E8VQI;F4@:7
@;W1H97(@=&AA
6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z,3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[/CQF;VYT
2!M971H;V0@:6YV97-T;65N=',@
M8V]N<VES=',@;V8@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9SH\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




T0P('-T

M
3!P=#MW:61T:#HY.2XX





M/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

M8F]L9#L^17%U:71Y($EN=F5S=&UE;G0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P
3

M;&4]




#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P
#`[





M;W1T;VTZ


7!X('-O


R!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M

M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V









M;CIT;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




3X\9&EV('-T







M





38P.SPO9F]N

M






'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ



T1V97)T:6-A



M97



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY)



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N


M86X]






3!P=#L^*#$S+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L








G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M

M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#L^*#`N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N



M
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^*#

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P

G!X

#`P
M



#`P
#MB;W)D97(M=&]P

#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




P
#`P

M



!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P



7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N









C`E.V9O


2!C


3(P)3MT97AT




M




M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^0T9'($-O;G-O



'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(&%N9!T:&4@8V]N=')I8G5T:6]N(&]F($-&1R=S($9R96YC:!C;V]K960@

M92X@07


#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#


M




M96EG:'0Z

3!P





M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M



T0Y









M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\


M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M;&4]


M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





M;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR+#0V-XV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR+#4S-BXQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXT
C
N


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B@W




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#L^-#8N




G!X.R!R;W=S



M9&5N.VAE:6=H=#HR


38P.SPO





M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



Q-C`[

M/C(P

T1V



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M





3!P=#L^)B

M93HQ



T0W('-T






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



[/D)A;&%N8V4@





M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



G!X.W!A

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M93HQ



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M93HQ

T1V


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^
2PY
S`N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

F4Z
M,3!P=#L^0W5R<F5N=!L:6%B:6QI=&EE<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M




B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SY

M8FEL:71I97

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O



;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T
V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U865?.#-A-5\P9C$T-&9B
M8S`P



]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]



]

C`Q

]
M




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]






#`P
#`P.V9O

M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M93HQ


M;G0@;&EA8FEL:71I97

M9'1H/3-$-S8E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

P
#`P







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M(S$V
#LR.2P@/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A

M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^*&EN(&UI;&QI;VYS*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO



M;&%T960@8F5N969I='

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M






3X\

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



G!X.W!A

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M93HQ



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N





M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B









M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,RXP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]






M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^-C`N.3PO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^-#$N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B










38P



T1F

'!T.SXR
3
N-CPO9F]N


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/E1O=&%L(&%C8W)U960@97AP96YS97

M8FEL:71I97

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P






M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


M

P
#`P
M









;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T
V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U865?
M.#-A-5\P9C$T-&9B8S`P

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

]


C`Q



]





T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ



T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SY

M='(^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-S@E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D

M=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



Q-C`[

M
3



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^)B



3X\













C(L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!U
M;F%M;W)T:7IE9!D:7-C;W5N=',@;V8@)#0N-R!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT/CPO


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B







3!P=#L^.3DU+C



3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


3X\







3!P=#L^



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


U




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R












M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^








M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3!P


M93HQ






M





38P.SPO9F]N





'!T.SXS.34N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

L(&1U92!-
M87D@
C`Q

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^-34N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





















38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR
#`N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S






G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,#`N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M






M97

C(E+!D=64@36%Y(#(P,3,@=&AR;W5G:!*
M=6YE(#(P

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ

SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\







B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

M;VTZ


M







G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P
M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#DS-RXS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





M:'0Z





38P.SPO



P
#`P

















M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A



#`P







#`P

M;VTZ






'!T.SXQ+#@W-XX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





'!T.SXF(S$V

M(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
Z)B


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T
M.W=I9'1H.C$P


T0S




M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T




M
#`P



M

'!T.SXR


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


M/3-$

P
#`P


3X\

P
#`P

2!C;VQS



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^-S`N-CPO


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B





M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




3X\9&EV('-T






M/3-$








M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P








G!X.W!A






'!T.SY4;W1A;!D96)T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


P
#`P
#`[





P
#`P

2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR+#0W.2XQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T





3!P=#L^)B

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N



'!T.SX@;V8@=&AE:7(@9F%C92!V86QU92!I;B!A



M='1L96UE;G0@;V8@=&AE(#(P
C(@3F]T97
@:6X@075G=7-T(#(P
3(@*&9I


38P.VUI;&QI;VX\




M('=I=&@@:7-S=6%N8V4@;V8@=&AE(#(P
C(@3F]T97
L('=H:6-H(&%R92!B


#`P
M

M;&4]






3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD

M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



T1F;VYT


M;&EC.SXR



C`Q
2P@



#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD-3(R+C(F(S$V

3!P


C`Q
2`H
C`Q

M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#4T
RXQ)B
Q-C`[;6EL;&EO


2XT)B
Q-C`[;6EL;&EO;CPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ




C`Q
2X\+V9O

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

M

C`Q


#$Q*2P@




#`P
#`P.W1E


M


#$S($YO=&5S*2!A;F0@;W5R(&]U='-T86YD:6YG(#$P)2!S

#$T($YO=&5S
M*2X@07




3
@3F]T97
@86YD(#(P
30@3F]T97







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X


3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ-G!X.W1E


T1F


M8V%L(#(P

M
#`P

#MM:6QL:6]N






'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

Q

2XP)B
Q-C`[;6EL;&EO

M871E9!U;F%M;W)T:7IE9!D:7-C;W5N='
@86YD(&1E8G0@8V]S='

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M92`R
#(R($YO=&5S(&EN($IU;'D@
C`Q
BP@=V4@8V]M;65N8V5D(&$@=&5N

M=&%N9&EN9R`R
#$S($YO=&5S(&%N9!A;GD@86YD(&%L;!O9B!O=7(@;W5T



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X

38P.VUI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^


M




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#$U-2XU)B
Q-C`[;6EL;&EO



#`P

M
3
R+C@F(S$V



#$T($YO

@9G)O;2!T:&4@:7-S=6%N8V4@;V8@=&AE(#(P
M
C(@3F]T97


C`Q





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I

M:71I97



3!P=#L^26X@2G5N92`R


38P.V)I;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^


M


M;F4[/B0Y
C4N

38P.V)I;&QI;VX\







#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#$N
B8C
38P.VUI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX@

3(@9F]R('1H92!W


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#DR-2XP(&UI;&QI




38P.V)I





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M


M='




@8V]M;6ET('1O(&)E:6YG(&$@;&5N9&5R(&9O



3!P=#L^079A:6QA8FEL

@82!F=6YC=&EO
M;B!O9B!T:&4@;&5V96P@;V8@96QI9VEB;&4@:6YV96YT;W)I97
L('-U8FIE




@87)E(&$@9G5N8W1I;VX@;V8@


C`Q





#`P
#`P.W1E

24)/4B!P;'5S(#

3!P=#L^







3!P=#L^





M92X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[






@87)E('-O;&0@=&\@82!W:&]L;'DM
M;W=N960@)B
X

X




@

M9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@86YD('1H97)E9F]R92P@=&AE
M(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@;W=N960@8GD@:70@87)E(&EN8VQU9&5D



38P

3!P

#`P

M(S$V


3!P=#L^(&]F(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B



3!P=#L^(&]U='-T86YD:6YG(&)O



3(P)3MP861D:6YG

3!P=#L^


M




#`P
M

#$S







M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#$N
R8C
38P.VUI;&QI;VX\+V9O


M93HQ



M92X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[



3!P=#L^07



#`P
#`P.W1E


M


2!U;F1E<B!T:&5S92!C



M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
6QE


#4N-!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^



#`P
#`P.W1E








M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#(R
M.2XY)B

3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P

C0U+C
@;6EL;&EO



#`P
#`P.W1E

C4V+CD@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




3(\+V9O;G0^


M

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q




C`Q
SPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



#`P


3!P=#L^(&%S

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93L^07!R:6PF(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q




#`P
M

3!P=#L^(&%N





M;VTZ

3!P=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY86YK(&]F($%M97)I8V$@5&5R;2!,;V%N/]F

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I

#$S*2P@=V4@97AE



#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD
C`P+C`F(S$V

3!P=#L^



#`P
#`P.W1E



@
M

M871E('!L=7
@

3!P=#L^+B!);B!A9&1I










M:6-A=&EO;G
@86YD(&5X8V5P=&EO;G


3(P)3MP861D

3!P


M93HQ

M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M92UH96EG:'0Z



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


C`Q
B`H9FES
M8V%L(#(P
3

#`N


M(&9R;VT@2G5N92`R




M;G0@8V]N=&%I;G
@869F:7)M871I=F4@86YD(&YE9V%T:79E(&-O=F5N86YT





M9FES8V%L(#(P
3








M/B0T
#`F(S$V




M=64@2G5N928C
38P.S
P+`R,#$S(AT:&4@0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@3F]T97
I

M:6]N(')A=&4L('-U8FIE8W0@=&\@861J=7-T;65N=P@;V8@/]F;VYT/CQF





T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M




@;V8@;W5R(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!F;W(@=&AE(')E

M.C$R




3(P)3MP861D

3!P


M93HQ

M=&EB;&4@3F]T97


M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
3`N
B4\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SY);B!C;VYN96-T:6]N('=I=&@@=&AE(&ES<W5A;F-E(&]F
M('1H92!#;VYV97)T:6)L92!.;W1E<RP@=V4@96YT97)E9!I;G1O('-E<&%R


@=&AE($-A;&P@



M8V@@:7



N($EN

M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

M-B8C

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





3!P=#L^)B
X

M
#`P

3!P=#L^








14%312!/0DQ)1T%424].4RP@0T]-34E4345.5%
@04Y$($=5
M05)!3E1%15



]



]
M






#`P
#`P.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/DQE87-E($]B;&EG871I;VYS/]F

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I


@

@

M96%S97



#`P
#`P


3!P


T1F;VYT

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#0R+C
@

T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


3!P

M.FYO;F4[/C(P




M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\9F]N



M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



C`Q


M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[


3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL

3`P)3MB;W)D







M;W1T;VTZ



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P

M/3-$
















M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^
C`Q


B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ



G!X



3X\



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^

M













'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M93HQ





M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M




3!P=#L^
M)B



#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^07!R:6PF(S$V


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#(V+C8@




'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P





#`P
#MT97AT




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P

2XP(&UI;&QI;VX\




#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#$N

38P.S(X+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE
M.SYF:7-C86P@,C`R,CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

T1F;VYT

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[


3!P=#L^

M;F4[/C(P




M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q



T1F

'!T.SXL(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#$T+C`@


#`P
M

3@N

M



3!P

#`P

BXR(&UI



'!T.SX@87


#`P
M

#$R


3!P=#L^+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ







M;V)L:6=A=&4@=7



M;G


M97


M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ








2!C



#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I








M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





M




F4Z
M











M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXQ+#

'!T.SX\9F]N





38\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^







M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXY





G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO

M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
6QE/3-$9F]N




3!P=#MC

#`P

@;6EL


#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^9FES8V%L(#(P

M


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M

'!T.SX@;V8@8V]M

Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3
\





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M92!S:&5E='
@87



#`P



3!P


M(&]F(&9U='5R92!E=F5N='



Q-C`[
M
C@L(#(P
3



'!T.SXL('=E(&-O;G1I;G5E('1O(&=U87)A;G1E



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


@

Q-C`[:6X@8V]N
M;F5C=&EO;B!W:71H('1H92!S86QE(&]F(%-M:71H9FEE;&0@0F5E9BP@26YC
M+B!3;VUE(&]F('1H97-E(&QE87-E(&=U87)A;G1E97
@;6%Y(&)E(')E;&5A



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\T
V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U865?.#-A-5\P9C$T-&9B8S`P
3$O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R


]



]


M:'0Z





'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z
M8F]L9#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^24Y#3TU%(%1!6$53/]F;VYT

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






@;V8@
M=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9SHF(S$V







3



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M;VTZ



M/3-$


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q,2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A









M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]





M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M



#`P



P
#`P



M


C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


G!X

6QE










M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A




2!C;VQS






3!P=#L^
SDN



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXW,BXW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T





M93HQ


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C8N



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]




M



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


M

'!T.SXU+C4\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T






M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]






3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R






M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C











T1F



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]

'!T.SXQ
C@N
M










38P


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO








3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT






B!S='EL


#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^*#
N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





M:'0Z





38P.SPO




#`P

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






#`P









G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXY
M


#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-3@N,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^





G!X.R!R;W=S






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



P
#`P






#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



P
#`P





'!T.SXQ-S(N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P






M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






3!P=#L^
C
V+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY!



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ-G!X




M


3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

M/3-$



M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P




F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M
M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D9I<V-A;!996%R<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
M
#`P


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P




#`P
#`P










G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
M
S4N




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^4W1A=&4@




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^*#`N






M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C(N



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V





M









2!C;VQS




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T





M;W`Z


M






M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO





G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^)B
X



M:'0Z





38P.SPO





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


CL\+V9O






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT




M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXH




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O







3!P=#L^*#`N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M:'0Z





38P.SPO



G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


G!X.R!R;W=S



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I














M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M







3!P=#L^*#$N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M





M




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]









3!P=#L^*#$N-SPO9F]N






G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O







M











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#L^)B
X



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L









#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


P
#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



#`P
M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




M.C




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY%

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


R+C
\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V









M



'!T.SXF(S$V





M;FEN9W
@:6UP86-T('1O('1H92!E9F9E8W1I=F4@=&%X(')A=&4@:6X@9FES
M8V%L(#(P





M;&4]

'!T.SX@86YD

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^)#$P

T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX@87

3!P

#`P




Q-C`[
CDL
M(#(P




M97AP96YS97


3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M




M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z




T1F

C`Q
SPO


M;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


T1N;VYE+SXR


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH:6X@;6EL;&EO;G





M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M93HQ

M8FEL:71I97

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M:71I97






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^
S(N
CPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B








M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-RXS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^3W1H






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^
3`N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B









3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V






#`P


3!P=#L^-#`Y

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI






M;'-P86X]

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

F4Z,3!P=#L^5F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


P
M
#`P




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M


M;&4]




#`P
#`P.V)A










M=#HV


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS-C4N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS











M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



3X\9&EV



M93HQ


T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


W
2XY









T1F;VYT




2!C;VQS










M

'!T.SY);G1A;F=I

M






M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M








M

'!T.SY$97)I=F%T

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]






3!P=#L^





M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO






S9P









G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


P
#`P

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
M








#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L






\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A



2!C





M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG


M/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S
6QE

C`Q

3!P

#`P



3!P=#L^.B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Y(')O
M=W-P86X]


M/3-$



M



2!C







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]

7!X


Q-C`[
C@L

3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;VTZ


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

2!C





'!T.SX\9F]N





M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R






3!P

#`P

3$N
2!M




M9&EC=&EO;G
N)B




@97AP:7)E(&9R
M;VT@9FES8V%L(#(P
30@=&\@
C`S
RXF(S$V

39P


M=V5R928C

@=&AA


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ

T1F;VYT

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#$R
RXV



'!T.SX@87


M
#`P

M



Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3(\+V9O


M93HQ

@;F]T(')E87-O;F%B;'D@
M9&5T97)M:6YA8FQE(&%S('1O('1H92!A;6]U;G0@;V8@9&5F97)R960@=&%X



3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^02!R96-O;F-I;&EA=&EO;B!O9B!T


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






T0Q)2!R;W=S



T1V



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M



'0M





G!X.R!R




M



G!X

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M:V5N(&EN('1H92!C=7)R96YT('EE87(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



M;VTZ










G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXH



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T




G!X.R!R;W=S




M



M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z




M





G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T




G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,2XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^


#`P

M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N



'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A

M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-2XW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M;G
L(&)O=&@@=VET:&EN('1H92!5+E
N(&%N9!O=71S:61E(&]F('1H92!5
M+E,N+!A;F0@87)E('-U8FIE8W0@=&\@97AA;6EN871I;VX@9G)O;2!V87)I

M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



#`P


Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3
\



'!T.SX@86YD)B


#`P
#`P



3!P=#L^+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN(%=E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@/]F;VYT






#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I
M;VXZ;F]N93L^9FES8V%L(#(P
3

T1F;VYT

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#
N-2!M



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M







'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX@87

3!P

#`P




38P.S(Y+`R,#$R/]F;VYT

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ-G!X.W1E


T1F



N(%=E


3(N(%=E(&%R92!C=7)R96YT;'D@
M=6YD97(@52Y3(&9E9&5R86P@97AA;6EN871I;VX@9F]R('1H92`R
#$S('1A
'!I<F%T
M:6]N(&]F('-T871U=&5S(&]F(&QI;6ET871I;VYS(&%N9]O<B!T:&4@8V]N


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P





M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P







#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*


T1T;W`^4$5.4TE/3B!!3D0@3U1(15(@4D54


3(P)3MP

M



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A

M1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G

39P


M=FED92!T:&4@;6%J;W)I='D@;V8@;W5R(%4N4RX@96UP;&]Y965S('=I=&@@




M




M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M









M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT

C`Q
SPO9F]N


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

M;8C,38P.S(Y+`\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SXR



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH:6X@;6EL;&EO;G





3!P


M93HQ

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I






M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US












M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


S(Y+CD\


2!C



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

F4Z
M,3!P=#L^-#<N,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


W






M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V









M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M93HQ


M93HQ




B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I
M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B







M



M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]









P
#`P





3!P=#L^


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P

2!C;VQS









M


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N


P
#`P
#`[



P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

P
#`P
M



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T


R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I


3!P=#L^)B


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#MF;VYT



M

M86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH
2D\






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SY&86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('!L86X@87-S971S(&%T




6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS



\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^
3
Q+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH
38N



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^,3<N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X





M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


P
#`P


M



3!P=#L^*#`N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T



P
#`P
M

P
#`P


P
M
#`P


P
#`P


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N






'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M



3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-S`R+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^












M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT.C$X


3!P=#L^)B



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

3PO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O



M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M/3-$





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z











M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




M;W1T;VTZ







G!X













M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


M












M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


P
#`P
M






P
#`P

2!C


P
#`P

M/3-$






#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P


M+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M92UH96EG:'0Z

M
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
M
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([
M)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q


M

M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ






M

&-L=61E
M<R!T:&4@87-S971S(&%N9!R96QA=&5D(&%C=&EV:71Y(&]F(&]U<B!N;VXM



C$N
!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T





M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^07!R:6PF(S$V
M
#LR.P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN

M

M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^07!R:6PF(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q
M
CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N
M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN(%=E(&UA9&4@/]F;VYT/CQF






#`P

M;VYE.SXD
RXU)B




#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^9FES8V%L
M(#(P
3


F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[



M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SY4:&4@86-C=6UU;&%T960@8F5N969I=!O8FQI9V%T



M

#`P


Q-C`[
M
C@L(#(P
3



'!T.SX@86YD)B

@97AC965D960@






T0P(&-E;&QS






T0Y)2!R;W=S




M/3-$


T1V97)T



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S


#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]



T1N;VYE+SXR

P
#`P







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SY5;G)E8V]G;FEZ960@86-T=6%R:6%L(&QO







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;VTZ









M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M




G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A



M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


N
CPO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\













T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T.W=I9'1H
M.C$P


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P


G!X








3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#


M;VTZ

P
#`P

3X\





G!X.W!A9&1I




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

#$R


T0S('-T


#`P

M


#`P




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B









CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





3!P=#L^

#PO





3X\

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^-S4N



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT







M





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXH-C







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N

P
#`P





3!P=#L^
C



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





S9P









M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;W`Z









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;W`Z









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;W`Z









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO

M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M93HQ

@;W5R('=E
M:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@87-S=6UP=&EO;G
@9F]R('1H92!P97)I;V1S(&EN
M9&EC871E9XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M

M9RUT;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M


T0R


#`P

M;W`Z


#`P




P
#`P


G!X




C`Q
3PO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


P
#`P






P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





P
#`P


M/3-$



M:'0Z





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T








M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T:6-A





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^4F%T92!O9B!C;VUP96YS871I;VX@

T1V97)T:6-A


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L





G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O





M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#L^-XP,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M;W)A=&4@8F]N9'












L(&%S('=E;&P@
M87


@86YD


C`Q
SPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



#`P



3!P=#L^













@;6%Y(&)E(&EN

L(&5Q=6ET:65S






@:6YD:6-A=&5D(&EN









M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^07!R:6PF(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q
M,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N
'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY!<')I;8C
38P.S(Y+`R,#$R/]F;VYT

'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT


M



M=&@]

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@




M:'0Z





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


38P.S(X+`\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#


M;VTZ


Q
M-C`[

3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS







M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY286YG93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]





M





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;VTZ











M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^-#$Q+C,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y
M;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS,TU







M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L









G!X



M
3!P=#L^




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^06QT97)N


P
#`P


M



3!P=#L^.3@N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





M:'0Z


3!P=#L^-2TR


F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS<'@@9&]U8FQE


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


3$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A

M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P

G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P




3!P=#L^)B



M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
3(\



'!T.SXF(S@R



#`P
#`P.W1E

M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



'!T.SX\9F]N


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I
M;VXZ;F]N93L^07!R:6PF(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE
M.SY!<')I;8C



@

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93L^
BPP-30L



34T+#
T-#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


M96QY+B8C

M:'0Z










M93HQ



Q



#`P

M;VYE.SXD-3$N-B8C

T1F

'!T.SX@9F]R(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^9FES
M8V%L(#(P




M;VQL;W=S.B8C

M96EG:'0Z








M/3-$


T0G=F5R



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P


3X\







M/3-$




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^
C`Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D






M/3-$





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V





M

M

M86X]


M93HQ

M







M





38P.SPO9F]N





'!T.SXY









M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W1E


M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I
M9VAT.F)O;&0[/DUU;'1I96UP;&]Y97(@1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!E;G-I
M;VX@4&QA;G




@=6YD97(@8V]L;&5C=&EV







3I4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[(&9O;G0M


M9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M-'!X.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M


M/3-$


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

2!C;VQS


3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

T1F;VYT





M9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M;W`[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ

3!P=#L^


M

2!B92!R97%U:7)E9!T;R!P87D@=&AE('!L86X@
M86X@86UO=6YT(&)A<V5D(&]N('1H92!U;F1E<F9U;F1E9!S=&%T=7
@;V8@


@:7
@


M/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.C$R


M=&%T=7
@87

M=&5C=&EO;B!!8W0@;V8@



@='EP97
@8F%S960@
M;VX@8W)I=&5R:6$@97-T86)L:7-H960@=6YD97(@=&AE($EN=&5R;F%L(%)E





M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O






M(S@R

M/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL







M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


3L@86YD(&ES

M/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W1E


T1F


M:71A;&EC.SXB1W)E96XF(S@R

M

'!T.SXF(S@R
3([
M4&QA;B!H87

X
M



M

3!P=#L^06QL


F4Z,3!P=#L^/'-U<!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

6QE/3-$;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[/CQD

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97

'!T.W=I9'1H.CDY
M+C8P.3


T0Q/CPO=&0^

T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT



M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT




#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


T1F;VYT+69A

M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

7!X('-O

P
#`P



M;&4]




M



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]







M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P

6QE/3-$
#MP861D:6YG+71O


G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I






G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
#`[)R!R




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B




M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




G!X


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M9G0Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B










G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


3!P=#L^
M
S8M-C`U
C
Y
`O(#`P,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

6QE/3-$=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^
XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B






M;W`Z




C`Q
SPO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

65R('!L86YS/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P

G!X

#`P
M


3!P=#L^

#`P
#MB;W)D97(M=&]P

#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




P
#`P

M







M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P


3!P=#L^


M

#`P
M


M;W`Z
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P







M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M;'DZ5&EM97





3X\

M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE
M.C5P=#XH


M;&4]



M='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]






M(%)E=F5N=64@4V5R=FEC92X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B
M;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M9'1H.C

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&EG;CIT;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z







#$V

M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
6QE

#$H
M:RDF(S$V






RXY)B
Q-C`[;6EL


#`P
#`P

3
N.28C
38P.VUI;&QI;VX\+V9O


M93HQ



#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SYF:7-C86P@
C`Q

M

#`P

M86P@
C`Q


#`P
M

C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ-G!X.W1E


T1F

'!T.SY792!A;'-O('!R



















]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[
M/B`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[







'!T.SXF(S$V



3!P=#L^26X@2G5N92`R
M



M

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P





#`N


L('=I;&P@9&5P







T0G9F]N








'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P






'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#
X-BXT)B
Q-C`[;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N









M(#(P



'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P







'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
6QE



#`P+#`P

M97



#`P

M;CIN;VYE.SXD
2XP


#`P
#MT


M:6=H='
@86YD('9O=&EN9R!R:6=H='





#`P


CL\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P





#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD
S0N

T1F




M26YC96YT:79E(%!L86XI+!W:&EC:!R97!L86-E9!T:&4@,3DY.!3=&]C



@86YD(&]T:&5R(&%W


@86YD

38P.S(X+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T

M:&5R92!W97)E)B



#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXW+#$T


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M




T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


3!P

M.FYO;F4[/C(P




M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\9F]N






#`P

M;VYE.SXD

T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#$N-28C
38P




M

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P


M

M:6]N.FYO;F4[/C(P

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P



@9'5R:6YG(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^9FES8V%L(#(P
M
3




#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q

M

#`P

#$Q


3!P=#L^+B8C

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z




M960@86YN=6%L('9O;&%T:6QI='D@:7


N
M(%=E('5S92!H:7-T;W)I8V%L(&1A=&$@=&\@97-T:6UA=&4@;W!T:6]N(&5X




M(&1E=&5R;6EN:6YG('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G
@
M9W)A;G1E9!I;B!T:&4@9FES8V%L('EE87)S(&EN9&EC871E9#H\+V9O;G0^
M/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




T0P(&-E



T0V

T0Q



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M





M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

M.F)O;&0[/C(P
3

T0G=F5R

M;W`Z


#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L




P
#`P

M/3-$





G!X





#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

M.SXR


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^17AP96-T960@86YN=6%L('9O;&%T:6QI='D\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
M








G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A




#`P





M;&4]


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ





M93HQ





3X\




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]









3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO






G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





M


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





M:'0Z





38P.SPO






'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M





M





38P.SPO9F]N


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1F;VYT

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[


3!P=#L^

M;F4[/C(P




M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q








T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X




38P.S(X+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M





M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]
T0Q

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I






M:'0Z





38P.SPO





#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF


T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M




M





38P.SPO9F]N




#`P


M
3!P=#L^
BPX



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



7!X('-O
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR
M
2XX

M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR
M




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$



G!X








M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#L^*#(W.2PU-S@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M








M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY&;W)F96ET960\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M











M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV






3!P=#L^
3DN.#



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



38P

M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V97)T



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







#`P


G!X

F4Z
3!P=#L^*#0P+#`P
#PO9F]N

F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE














'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M









M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



#`P




3!P=#L^
BPX-3@L

#`P

M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXR



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T











3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,RXU.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ




G!X.W!A





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

F4Z
3!P=#L^/&)R




F4Z
M

M:6]N.FYO;F4[/B0Y+C



M
3!P=#L^+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN(%1H92!T;W1A;!I;G1R:6YS:6
@=F%L

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^9FES8V%L(#(P
3
\




#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q

3!P

#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P






M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#`N-!M:6QL:6]N/]F




#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^07!R:6PF(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O





65A<G,N(%1H92!T;W1A;!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO
M;G

T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X



M/C(P




#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q

@



#`P


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M(S`P
#`P






M92UH96EG:'0Z



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



T1F;VYT

'!T.SY4:&4@26YC96YT:79E


@



@:6X@;W5R(&EN9'5S=')Y+B!0






@8V]N=&%I;FEN9R!P97)F;W)M86YC92!C







M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




#`P







M('5N9&5R('1H92!A=V%R9'








3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T
M(')O=W-P86X]

T0Q



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A




T1F




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^1W)A;G1E9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^.3(P+#`P



T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T







M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV




M:'0Z





38P.SPO

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R












M
2XP



#`P
#`P.W1E

C`N-C

M

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^




M960@:6YT;R!S:&%R97
@;V8@;W5R(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!A;F0@:7-S=65D

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93L^9FES8V%L(#(P
3

T1F;VYT+69A


M




#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#$P+CD@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N




#`P

M;CIN;VYE.SXD
34N
B8C

M



M;&4]

'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P

M

'!T.SXL(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#@N
M



M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



3(\




#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q



3!P

#`P

RXR(&UI




#`P
M

3!P



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



3(\+V9O


M93HQ

#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


3!P


M:7

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E


[/D5X96-U=&EV92!3=&]C





M('!R;W9I9&4@82`Q



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

@:7
@9V5N97)A;&QY(&UE

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P

M



#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^





M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




M


M(&=R86YT960@=6YD97(@=&AE($534%`@=&AR;W5G:!T:&4@9&%T92!O9B!T
M:&ES(&9I;&EN9RP@=V4@97AP96-T('1O(')E8V]G;FEZ92!A;B!A9&1I=&EO
M;F%L(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[


3!P=#L^(&]F(&-O;7!E;G-A=&EO




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E



T1F





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

F4Z,3!P=#L^
M('-H87)E<R!O9B!O=7(@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&%T(&%N(&EN:71I86P@<W1R
M:6ME('!R:6-E(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P





#`P

M;CIN;VYE.SXQ-RXV)B

@
M;V8@;W5R(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!A=!A;B!I;FET:6%L(&5X97)C:7-E('!R
M:6-E(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R


M=7
@9&%T97
@9G)O;2!/8W1O8F5R(#(P
3

C`Q-DN)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ








#`P

M;CIN;VYE.SXD

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


@9&EL






T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


Q-C`[=&\@861D:71I;VYA







3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY3=&]C:R!(


3!P=#L^)B









38P.S(X+`R,#$S/]F;VYT




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^
S
P+#$X

@;V8@;W5R(&-O;6UO;B!S


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E





M;F1E;G0Z

'!X



M='(^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-S0E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^07!R:6PF(S$V

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


38P.S(Y+`\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SXR,#$R/]F


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

P
#`P



M




G!X.R!R









M


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH

T1V97)T:6-A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W1T;VTZ






M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




G!X.R!R;W=S






M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B






'!T.SXH






M:'0Z





38P.SPO




M:60@(S`P
#`P

M/3-$



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M/3-$






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P









P
#`P
M









V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q
M-#1F8F
P
#$Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S0S9F0U
M834X7S-E
31?-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
30T9F)C
#`Q

M965T

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@


]

C`Q



]


]

]
T1P

]





#`P
M



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ









T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E




Q-C`[
M)B

@:6YC;W)P;W)A=&4@
M:6YP=71S('-U8V@@87
@;V)S97)V86)L92P@:6YD97!E;F1E;G0@;6%R:V5T




M:&5I9VAT.C$R



2D@


RDN(%1H92!T:')E92!L979E;'
@;V8@:6YP=71S('5S960@

38P.SPO


M/3-$


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

2!C;VQS


3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

T1F;VYT



@:6X@86-T:79E

2X\+V9O;G0^/]D
M:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C




M



M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M93HQ

Q-C`[
B8C.#(Q






M;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





'!T.SY

M92!I;G!U='

M





'!T.SY792!H879E(&-L87-S:69I960@87-S971S(&%N












T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO


T0P



M

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO



M





38P.SPO9F]N

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ




M:'0Z





38P.SPO

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




M

M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY









38P



P
#`P



G!X


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E
M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY,979E;8C
38P.S$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M









3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#


M;VTZ


Q
M-C`[

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH:6X@;6EL;&EO;G


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ









3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

F4Z
M,3!P=#L^0V]M;6]D:71Y(&-O;G1R86-T<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M



M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M;W`Z

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





G!X.W!A9&1I

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M






3X\





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M+6QE9G0Z


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




3X\9&EV('-T











M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B
X


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


M




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXT+C
\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^-XS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C




V





M;&4]





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.SXF(S@R



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B





B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


P
#`P


M



3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXU

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P


G!X.V)A8VMG

#`P
M



T1F


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O



#`P




3!P=#L^
3
N

P
#`P

P
#`P

2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P




#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R



#`P




P
#`P

P
#`P


M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^)B
X

P
#`P

P
#`P


M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^-S0N

P
#`P

P
#`P


M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^-C0N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

P
#`P


3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P




#`P







#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[



#`P


M
3!P=#L^-38N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

P
#`P


3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





P
#`P




#`P







#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P
M=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

P
#`P


3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





P
#`P




#`P







#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P
M=#L^

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R
F4Z
3!P=#L^
M)B


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






M1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X


M;CMH96EG:'0Z


T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R





38P


F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY,:6%B:6QI=&EE<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





M





38P.SPO9F]N











38P




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[









38P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C





T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT



G!X.V)A


3!P


M93HQ





'!T.SXF(S@R






M;&4]


3!P=#L^


M



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R





M











'!T.SXX+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




3X\9&EV('-T






M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M





M



B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



P
#`P


3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





#`P

G!X


M


M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]


M93HQ



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




G!X






G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


P
M
#`P





P
#`P

M


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


G!X







#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]











W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


G!X.V)O






'!T.SXF(S@R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]











W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


G!X.V)O










M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

P
#`P
#`[)R!R




P
#`P


M/3-$




M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

P
#`P
#`[)R!R




P
#`P


M/3-$




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N






M97

@=7-E9!T;R!M96%S=7)E(&9I;F%N8VEA;!A

@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(')E8V]R9&5D(&%T(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

[/B8C.38T




M(&9U='5R92!C87-H(&9L;W=S('1O(&-A;&-U;&%T92!F86ER('9A;'5E+!I
M;B!W:&EC:!C87-E('1H92!M96%S=7)E;65N='
@87)E(&-L87-S:69I960@
M=VET:&EN($QE=F5L(#(N(%1H97-E('9A;'5A=&EO;B!M;V1E;'
@;6%K92!U

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ










M;'DZ5&EM97





3X\



3X\

3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





T1F;VYT






3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H



\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S


L('1H




@979I9&5N8V4@
M;V8@:6UP86ER;65N=X@1'5R:6YG(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O




M:&5I9VAT.C$R

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M;&4]


S(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q


2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M



T0Q


3X\+W1D/CQT9!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.4@


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


#`P



M86X]



M


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


M;&0[/DQE=F5L)B
Q-C`[


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P



T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


M;&0[/DQE=F5L)B
Q-C`[


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P



T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C






T0Q-2!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH:6X@;6EL;&EO;G








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY#
M87-H(&%N9!C87-H(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#L^-#`N



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M)B
X



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^-#`N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X


M
3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^






M/3-$


M.VAE:6=H=#HQ


38P.SPO9F]N





M=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M



M

'!X.V9O


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9RUT;W`Z


M;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT.C$P


3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




G!X.W!A9&1I


M:'0Z


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V







G!X





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






3X\



3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V








M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S@R

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^



3X\9&EV('-T




G!X






'!T.SY5+E
N(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:SH\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T








T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V








T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T:6-A

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B




M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^
C
N
M



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M;&4]







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M








M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


M


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N








M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S@R


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M=#HV


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M.#(Q




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXF(S@R
3([



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^.3`N-SPO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXQ




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


M


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N





'!T.SXF(S@R




M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M.#(Q


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.SXF(S@R



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^26YF;W)M871I;VX@=&5C:&YO;&]G

M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
C(N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$



M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


P




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#L^)B
X



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B










G!X.R!R



M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^-BXW



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








M






M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A














38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ
#0N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



R!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




M:'0Z







M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ

M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R







M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


CL\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXS
XQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B






M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^)B
X
M



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXF(S@R









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#L^)B
X



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]

'!T.SXR+C4\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXF(S@R









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]






M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^)B
X



M:'0Z





38P.SPO





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


CL\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M





3!P=#L^


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV



3X\9&EV('-T






M/3-$


M.VAE:6=H=#HQ


38P.SPO9F]N

R!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!X.V9O


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





G!X





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







M


M.VAE:6=H=#HQ


38P.SPO9F]N

R!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!X.V9O


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





G!X





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







M


M.VAE:6=H=#HQ


38P.SPO9F]N

R!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!X.V9O


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





G!X





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I







G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXF(S@R


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]

'!T.SXR-BXP




M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M+C


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N





'!T.SXF(S@R



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^07-S970M8F%C:V5D('-E8W5R:71I97
\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V








M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B
X


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXY
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O






M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT





M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.SXF(S@R


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXF(S@R
3([




M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M.#(Q


M/3-$



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M/3-$




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ









38P

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^








M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


CL\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR.#4N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#L^)B
X



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B






M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT


3!P=#L^)B








'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X.W!A


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO





M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;VTZ



M/3-$



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S@R

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^)B
X



M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M/3-$




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$




B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




M





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S@R




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R



















G!X





G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^)B
X



M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R












M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A




M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^






M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A




M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^






M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A




M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^






M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A




M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXF(S@R

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^
2XR



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R
F4Z
3!P=#L^
M)B


M;'-P86X]


#`P

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



#`P
M



M:'0Z

M9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\





M93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#


M;VTZ




T0Q/CQD:78@



3!P=#L^)B

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

R!S='EL


#`P


G!X


M1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T




M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X

M86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT.C$X


3!P=#L^)B




M
#`P

M





M



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







3!P=#L^
S

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N










3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C$L
3`U+C

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[













3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO

P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



P
#`P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E







G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X.W!A








M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E








M






G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P


3!P=#L^


M

#`P
M


M;W`Z
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXQ+#$Q



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M





G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




P
#`P

M/3-$





P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T




M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z




T0G



M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



4[=&5X=UA


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

@:6YC;'5D92!H:6=H;'D@;&EQ=6ED(&EN

M;VYT:'












M:&5I9VAT.C$R

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M+B!



M(&%S(&5Q=6ET:65S(&%N9!M=71U86P@9G5N9',@=')A9&5D(&EN(&%C=&EV
M92!M87)K971S+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\9&EV




M97

@;W(@;W1H97(@;6]D96PM8F%S960@=F%L=6%T
M:6]N('1E8VAN:7%U97





T0P(&-E




3X\+W1D/CPO

M/3-$


3(P

3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;&4]

'!T.SXF(SDV
6QE/3-$
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M:6YS=')U;65N='



@87)E(&%V86EL86)L92!B=70@=')A9&5D(&QE



M87









M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M93HQ




T1F;VYT+69A










T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT


M;&EC.SY

CL\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY4

M='



M(&%S($QE=F5L(#
N(%1H97-E(&EN=F5S=&UE;G1S(&%R92!I;FET:6%L;'D@

M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






M8V4@8V]N=')A8W1S)B
X


@:6X@86-T





M:6YV97-T;65N='

@87)E(&-L87-S:69I960@87
@
M3&5V96P@
RX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M



R!P96YS:6]N('!L86X@87-S

Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3
\




#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^07!R:6PF(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



3!P=#L^

M

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$


G!X



3X\

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]

7!X




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]



I


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^0F%L86YC92P@36%Y(#$L(#(P
3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





2!C











T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C


M/3-$



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M/3-$






M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M87-S971S('-O;&0@9'5R:6YG('1H92!P97)I;V0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T





@86YD('-E

P
#`P



P
#`P

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




M;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V





M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




3!P=#L^




M





38P.SPO9F]N


P
M
#`P

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXW-2XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9RUT;W`Z


M;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V





M=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M;W`Z


M:'0Z


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z


M;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH


F4Z,3!P=#L^4F5L871E9!T;R!A<W-E='

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





L(&YE=#PO9F]N



M
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


P
#`P
M





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P



#`P







#`P

M;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

7!X('-O;&ED









3!P=#L^/&)R





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT



B!I
M;G!U='


'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY!<')I;8C

T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M





M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M



T0Q



M;&4]


38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]


#`P



M


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#$S

P
#`P







G!X.R!R




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY&86ER/]F;VYT





T0S


#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]




M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SY4;W1A;!$96)T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^
BPW
S(N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
BPT-SDN



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B






3!P=#L^
BPQ



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B







3!P=#L^
2PY

SPO9F]N=#X\




3!P=#L^)B



L


@8F5C


;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T
V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U865?.#-A-5\P9C$T-&9B8S`P
M



]


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]




C@L(#(P
M
3




M8F]L9#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^4D5

4[=&5X=UA;&EG





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A9&1I








M=&@]



M






38P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L


T1N;VYE+SXR

P
#`P



M




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SY#=7)R96YT(')E8V5I


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z










M


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M/3-$



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^3&]N9RUT97)M(')E8V5I=F%B;&5S(&9R


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



P
#`P




3!P
M=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T






M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z









T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I











G!X


M;CMH96EG:'0Z


T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



3!P=#L^)B



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P










M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N








T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


'!T.SX\9F]N


\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\


M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


M86)L97


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z









'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R

@:6UM961I871E(&9A

M=VAE860@1F%R;7


M96UE;G0L($Q
0RP@3&ES8F]N(#$@1F%R;2P@26YC+B`H3&ES8F]N*2P@375R


3$



M;&4]

'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
3PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

2XV(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXL

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N

3!P=#MC

#`P







M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^9FES8V%L(#(P
3
\+V9O


M93HQ

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q

3!P=#MC

#`P


M


F4Z,3!P=#L^(&%N9`\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^9FES8V%L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^


M

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I
M;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q

3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P


3!P

T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P





3$

M+!);F,N(!4:&5S92!C;VUP86YI97


@=6YD97(@8V]N=')A8W1U86P@87)R86YG96UE;G1S('1H870@




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



3(\+V9O


M93HQ

#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q


3!P

F4Z
3!P

#`P

2XY(&UI







'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



3(\




#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q




#`P

M;VYE.SXD
XR)B,Q-C`[;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O






#`P
M

3!P





3!P=#L^5V4@8F5L:65V92!T:&%T('1H



M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-#-F9#5A-3A?
V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q
M-#1F8F
P

O4VAE970R
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]




C@L(#(P
3




]

]






#`P
#`P.V9O

M


M;FET960@4W1A=&5S($5N=FER;VYM96YT86P@4')O=&5C=&EO;B!!9V5N8WD@

L(&%S('=E
M;&P@87
@=&AE(%5N:71E9!3=&%T97,@1&5P87)T;65N=!O9B!!9W)I8W5L

@86YD(%-T;V-K

@1F]O9!A
M;F0@1')U9R!!9&UI;FES=')A=&EO;BP@=&AE(%5N:71E9!3=&%T97
@3V-C

M

3(P






M=&EC97

M97

@86YD(')E9W5L871I;VYS+B!);B!S

N($EN(&%D9&ET:6]N


M;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@87

M

#`P

M;8C,38P.S(X+`R


3!P=#L^+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ-G!X


M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I

M;VTZ

3!P=#L^





M93HQ





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ



M8V5M8F5R(#(P



3!P=#MC

#`P


M
C`Q






C`Q
2X@5&AE(&EN






M;B!F:7-C86P@
C`Q


@



M

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P





'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M;W=S(&9R;VT@:6YV97-T:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97
@:6X@=&AE(&-O;G-O;&ED

M=&EO;B!O9B!T:&4@9F%C:6QI='DN(%1H92!R96UA:6YD97(@;V8@=&AE('!R




3X-CPO:'1M;#X-@T*
M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T,V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U865?.#-A-5\P9C$T
M-&9B8S`P,3$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-#-F9#5A
M-3A?
V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P

O4VAE
M970R
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P






]

]

C`Q

]
T1P



3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z
M8F]L9#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^4D503U)424Y'(%-%1TU%3E13









M9'



#MO


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY0;W)K(%-E9VUE;G0\+V9O;G0^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V





N(&9R97-H


L(&EN8VQU


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E


M

'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L






T0P(&-E;&QS




T0Q)2!R



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




G!X




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B
!S

M;&0[/C(P
3

T0G=F5R=&EC

M


#`P


M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P

M





G!X.W!A




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^4&%C:V%G960@;65A='
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

P
#`P

M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


G!X











P
#`P






M

7!X('-O






#`P



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXT-#PO




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M(S`P
#`P




F4Z
M



'!T.SXQ

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P


G!X.V)O


M93HQ

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P

M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



P
#`P



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





P
#`P




3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
M
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R
M.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q

T0G

3I4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M92UH96EG:'0Z



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/DAO

T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

M;W1T;VTZ

3!P

@;V8@;W5R





'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P






M(&AO9W





M/3-$




M/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M



M




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


M
3

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

G!X.W!A


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M

P
#`P

3X\9&EV



M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^,C`Q,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S







B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P





F4Z

T1F

'!T.SXW-CPO9F]N=#X\

G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
#`P
#`[











#`P













M;&4]





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\







M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z










G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M


M93HQ

T1V











M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


#PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY








3X\



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


#`P



M+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
6QE/3-$9F]N







M9VAT.C$R

'!T.SX\9F]N






T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M93HQ





3!P
M=#MW:61T:#HQ

M:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

2!C;VQS




M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
#`P
#`[)R!R





M;VTZ


7!X('-O;&ED



M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T

M=#IB;VQD.SXR


M;'-P86X]


#`P




#`P





P
#`P
M











#`P










M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXT-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;W1T;VTZ







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L



T1V97)T:6-A



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[




#`P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V









M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^







'!T.SXQ

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P




M



M
'!T.SXF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
M
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF
M(S@R
3([)B
X

M

!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ



M9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^


M

M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^26YC;'5D97
@97AT97)N86P@

@86YD(')E

M=&%B;&4^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M



M97)A=&EO;G

M

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P


3$

C`Q
`H9FES8V%L(#(P,3$I+B`\
M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M=FEC97


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M


M;&4]

'!T.SY4:&4@

M92!R97-U;'1S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G

@;V8@;W5R




@8V5R=&%I;B!A;&QO


@





M;VTZ





M
3


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M


T0S


#`P

M;W`Z


#`P




P
#`P


G!X




C`Q
3PO






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V







M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M





M





38P.SPO9F]N



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A

M93HQ



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


'!T.SX\9F]N


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

F(S@R



M:'0Z



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P











M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M




M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ







M



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^
RPQ
S4N
3PO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X



M








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY)


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M




M






M





38P.SPO9F]N








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^3W1H97(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z
3!P=#L^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


T1T


BXS



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

M;&4]

'!T.SXQ-PS
M.#0N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB


M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$



M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M






T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M=#HV


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z








M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N





M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#L^*#

M;&4]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




G!X



G!X.R!R





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



M;VTZ



M/3-$

P
#`P



#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG










M86X]


#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,S8N,SPO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P


M



3!P=#L^*#
X+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ





3X\9&EV('-T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





'!T.SXH
BPT-3@N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



P
#`P



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T


2XW



M

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T





!S







#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N





M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

M



P
#`P


3X\9&EV

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT


3!P=#L^)B









'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


38P



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
















3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXV


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N



M/3-$



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M/3-$





M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\



3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^3W1H97(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$








M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P

M






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



7!X('-O



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

M;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR
SDN.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P

P
#`P

M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

P
#`P


G!X

#`P



M;&4]


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O



#`P




3!P=#L^
C0R+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N







M



M

'!X.V9O


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9RUT;W`Z


M;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT.C$P


3!P=#L^)B






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M










M






M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV






3!P=#L^-#(N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I








B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A






M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXR.XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N






M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R







M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY#;W)P;W)A=&4\




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,C$N,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P




3!P=#L^


M

P
#`P






3!P=#L^*#$S+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P


M/3-$




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



P
#`P

M
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^








M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



7!X
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXQ-S8N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


P
#`P




#`P







M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P

#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;VTZ



M/3-$

'!X


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]




G!X



3X\




M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M





G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@











M/3-$



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,BXP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^










38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXP+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXP+C


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.SXH
XT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^





M


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F




M;VTZ



G!X






G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV





M




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXH








P
#`P
#`[


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,34N,#PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P


3!P


M93HQ

M
#`P



F4Z
M




T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P















G!X.R!R



M:&ED9&5N.VAE:6=H=#HQ


38P

M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S


M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


R!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US










M:&ED9&5N.VAE:6=H=#HQ


38P



M





38P.SPO9F]N





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


38P.SPO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M








T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C8S



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT

'!T.SXV
C
N-SPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^-S4S+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO






S9P









M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXH
3$Y+C$\+V9O;G0^







M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXQ-C8N



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


M9RUL969T.C




3!P=#L^


M

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,BXT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D






2!C;VQS









M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



M



P
#`P

2!C;VQS










M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P



7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M
#`P

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^




P
#`P
M







P
#`P


M/3-$






3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
R!R


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


P
#`P



M:'0Z




M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M
#LR.2P@/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P

G!X

M86X]








M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;W1T;VTZ


T1F;VYT+69A


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E


G!X.W!A9&1I




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M/3-$





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




G!X








M








M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^
BPR.3DN



M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R










M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




M





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#L^
2PY
#(N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ+#0R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
2PS-SDN.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z
M
3!P=#L^)B


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M


M:6=H=#HQ


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





M='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS



[/DEN=F5S=&UE;G1S.CPO


B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXQ.XY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T






G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T






F4Z,3!P=#L^,3<N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^2&]G(%!R;V1U8W1I






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^

M969T.C




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T









T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^-38R+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT

'!T.SX\9F]N


M







M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S




B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P

F4Z
3!P=#L^-3
R+C0\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





P
M
#`P





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P








M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M


M:6=H=#HQ


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



G!X



3X\

'!X.V9O;G0M







M





'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V





M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




G!X.R!R;W=S



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M+C


M



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXY



M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M









M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

Q+C

T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


M




M(S`P
#`P

M

M
#`P


3!P=#L^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB86-K9W)O

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M



F4Z

T1F

'!T.SXQ-S8N.#PO9F]N

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P
#`[





M/B8C

M

M



'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('-H;W=S('1H92!C




3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M



T0Q



T0Y)2!R






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P



M:'0Z



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P



T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF



T0S('-T


#`P

M

M=W-P86X]










M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


M9RUT;W`Z





M+!-87D@,2P@,C`Q,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US












T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M




M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








G!X.W!A





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





'!T.SXH
XT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P




M/3-$



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXH
C0N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



P
#`P




3!P

T0G=F5R=&EC





G!X



3X\


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]




M;W`Z


M;&4]

'!T.SXR
34N

M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

!S




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

P
M
#`P

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXW-C@N,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R

P
#`P
M








M






M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



M86X]






3!P=#L^



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\



3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^3W1H97(@9V]O9'=I;&P@861J=7-T;65N
M='






M
#`P

M








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXH


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH
M



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



P
#`P



#`P




3!P=#L^
C
Q+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P








P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N

P
#`P

M;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^-#(P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)O


M93HQ






P
#`P


3X\9&EV


CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF
M(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
M
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

M92UH96EG:'0Z

38P.SPO




!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z,3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@



#`P




M=&EO;G



M;BX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

F4Z.'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D
M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL





Q
M-C`[
C@L(#(P
3



'!T.SXL)B

3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P




38P.S$L(#(P
3$\+V9O


M93HQ


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P
M

M='(^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P











3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M

P
#`P

3X\9&EV



M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S







R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E





#`P

G!X


#`P




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




M





38P.SPO9F]N



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A

M93HQ



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^52Y3+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M93HQ

T1V


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M



'!T.SXQ
2PV-C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M

T1V97)T:6-A





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R;W=S





M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^
2PS






#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





7!X('-O



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

M;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ
RPP.30N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S













38P

P
#`P


M

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

#`P
#MB86-K



#`P




3!P=#L^
3(L

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT


3!P=#L^)B








'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X.W!A


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ






G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M:'0Z8F]L9#L^07!R:6PF(S$V
#LR.2P@/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
C`Q
M

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L

M.SY-87DF(S$V
#LQ+`\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SXR,#$Q/]F;VYT/CPO



M


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B










M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B












#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SY5+E





M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT


3


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T






M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I






M93HQ






!S



P
#`P
M

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


P
#`P




#`P







M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^

7!X('-O






!S


N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T




31?-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
30T
M9F)C
#`Q


]
M

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

]

MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`R.P@
C`Q


]


T1T;W`^4U504$Q%345.5$%


F4Z,3!P=#MC
M;VQO<CHC,#`P,#`P.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[=&5X=UD96-O<F%T:6]N
M.FYO;F4[/E-54%!

M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T:69Y.V9O


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ-G!X.V9O




T0P


3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

M/3-$

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


3
\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P



M



G!X




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L








M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P
















T1F;VYT+69A






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]









M






T1F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH
M
C(S+C




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M93HQ

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.R!R





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C




2!C;VQS





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$








T0Q/C$R


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^



M05)415)
62!215-53%13($]&($]015)!5$E/3E

]

T0G9F]N


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H





M

T0T


M



2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T






M:'0Z





38P.SPO


P
#`P











3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M




M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E








M



'!T.SXF(S$V






M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY&:7-C86P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0Q

M

M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^4V%L97
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS+#`Y,2XS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]





M





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M;W1T;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




G!X.R!R




G!X.V)A


3!P


M93HQ





'!T.SXQ
RPR
C$N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\







M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS,C@N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^
2PS




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^


T1V97)T:6-A














38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ
S8N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B





B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ








M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O










3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^

T1V97)T:6-A





G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z
M
3!P=#L^)B


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




3!P=#L^)B




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z
M
3!P=#L^)B


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B





[


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B







M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B







M9RUL969T.C




3!P=#L^


M



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





2!C;VQS




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B







3!P=#L^
2XR-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



M




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


G!X.R!R;W=S




M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O




G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T








M:'0Z




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N



M



M



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





M:'0Z




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#IB;VQD.SY&:7-C86P@
C`Q


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R








M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^4V%L97


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




G!X.R!R;W=S




G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M





'!T.SXS+#
Q






M


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





M/3-$


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI





G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXS-SDN.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT






M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L








B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^-S(R+C8\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^.#(N
M



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^-SDN
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS-C$N,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9RUT;W`Z


M;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V





M=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M;W`Z


M:'0Z


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z


M;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


M:'0Z


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






M;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V





M=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M;W`Z


M:'0Z


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z


M;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT



M+6AE:6=H=#HQ






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O



M93HQ





M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;VTZ





M93HQ



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M93HQ

T1V


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT





M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X


M



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



T1F







M





M;W1T;VTZ










6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O





M9RUT;W`Z











M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I






M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A







M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1V




M


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

2!C;VQS


3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




@:&%V92!E86-H(&)E


M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


@:6X@



#`P

M.SYF:7-C86P@
C`Q

3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P

C`Q
CPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








3!P=#L^)B
Y-C0R.SPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

3!P=#L^=&AE(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



3!P=#L^
#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[/CQF;VYT



#`P






M/3-$



3X\9&EV


3!P=#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



6QE/3-$9F]N

@:6YC;'5D

3!P

#`P

2XR(&UI




#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#8N-!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT



#`P






M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T



M;F4[/B0S.2XP)B







!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG

2!C;VQS




M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M








'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P

XW)B,Q-C`[;6EL
M;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[

T0P(&-E;&QS



3X\+W1D/CPO='(^

M


3(P)3MF

3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M

'!T.SXF(SDV-#([

F4Z
M,3!P=#L^3W!E<F%T:6YG('!R;V9I=!I;B!T:&4@<V5C;VYD+!T:&ER9!A

@87-S;V-I871E
'0M9&5C
M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD,2XX)B,Q-C`[;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S





M.C$R



M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M93HQ



M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#4N-R8C
38P.VUI;&QI




#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#`N-R8C
38P.VUI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^


M








T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M93HQ

CL\+V9O;G0^



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P


M7S0S9F0U834X7S-E
31?-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
30T9F)C
#`Q
0T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)



C@L
M(#(P
3





3!P

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




M:'0Z





'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1E9FEN:71I

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY/;B!-87D@
C@L(#(P
3
L
M('=E(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!A;B!!9W)E96UE;G0@86YD(%!L86X@;V8@365R


@*%-H











@;65A


3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ


M;&4]

'!T.SY5;F1E



@;V8@





'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







L('1H92!T97)M:6YA=&EO
2!T;R!3:'5A;F=H=6D@=VEL

M.FYO;F4[/B0Q-S4N




M+`R,#$S+!T:&4@86UO=6YT(&]F('1H92!T97)M:6YA=&EO;B!F964@=VEL


M




















M;F1I=&EO;G
N)B



@97AP96-T













L('5N9&5R('=H:6-H


M('-E8W5R:71Y(&EN=&5R97-T(&EN(&%L;!O9B!T:&4@87-S971S(&]F($M#
M4RX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




@



N
M(%1H92!+86YS87

@;VX@8G5I;&1I



M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



CL@8G)E86MF


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93L^)#0N




M9#5A-3A?
V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P
#$Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S0S9F0U834X7S-E
31?-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
M
30T9F)C
#`Q





^+RH@1&\@


$5-




C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@



]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5D%,54%424].($%.1!154%
249924Y'($%#0T]5


3!P

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY3

M:'0Z
F4Z
3!P
M=#L^)B



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ

'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^1D]2(%1(12!42%)%12!914%24R!%3D1%1`\



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^05!224PF(S$V,#LR.P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X.W1E

M



M93HQ
'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X




F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ




P
#`P



6QE

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF

P
#`P



M:'0Z



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

F4Z.'!T

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ


M=&EO;G



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z




T1F


P
#`P






M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


P
#`P
M



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

G!X


#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

M;VTZ


7!X('-O;&ED



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S

M


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B





G!X.R!R






M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X


M
3!P=#L^
38N
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





3!P=#L^




G!X


M








'!T.SXH
XS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D





3X\







T1F;VYT



M;&4]

'!T.SXH
RXX




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





2!C







M

'!T.SY&:7-C86P@

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^



M





38P.SPO9F]N





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L








3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXH


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]




T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^1FES8V%L('EE87(@96YD960@36%Y(#$L(#(P
M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^
3DN
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/3-$





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


G!X.R!R;W=S





F4Z,3!P=#L^,3<N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;W`Z


M.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A




'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W

M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M
F4Z
M
3!P=#L^)B



G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^)B









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#L^)B








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#L^)B






M;&4]

'!T.SY&:7-C

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT





G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\









3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









3X\



3X\9&EV


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


C`Q

M/3-$














M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^*#`N-CPO


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





M





38P.SPO9F]N











M;&4]

'!T.SY&:7-C

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

F4Z,3!P
M=#L^,3<N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M





G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT









3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M



3X\9&EV




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO

M





M/3-$



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





M




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M:'0Z




38P.SPO

M





M/3-$



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





M




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B












M













38P







M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M+6QE9G0Z


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A


3!P





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^*#$W+CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M











T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N



M/3-$







M/3-$





M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]






6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M








M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O


M;&5F=#HV


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^1FES8V%L('EE87(@96YD960@36%Y(#$L(#(P


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V









M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P






3X\+W1D




M



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W1E

M;6%R:6QY)B
Q-C`[:6YC;'5D97




V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U865?
M.#-A-5\P9C$T-&9B8S`P

T0G=&5X








]


@6T%B




M:61I87)I97


M8VES92!S:6=N:69I8V%N=!I;F9L=65N8V4N(%=E('5S92!T:&4@8V]S=!M
M971H;V0@;V8@86-C;W5N=&EN9R!F;W(@:6YV97-T;65N='
@:6X@=VAI8V@@



@9F]R('=H:6-H



M+B8C

M







@87)E('1R86YS;&%T960@:6YT;R!5
M+E





@86YD(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN(&]T:&5R(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I


38P.V=A:6YS(&]N(&9O

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#$N
2!M:6QL:6]N



#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^9FES8V%L(#(P
3

M;&4]

'!T.SX@86YD
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX@86YD
M(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^9FES8V%L(#(P
3(\




#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^9FES8V%L(#(P

M;&4]

'!T.SXL(')E











M='

@8V]U

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

@;V8@-3(@;W(@-3
@=V5E:W
@
M86YD(&5N9'

Q-C`[
S`N

]














T1T;W`^5')A9&4@86YD($]T:&5R($%C8V]U;G1S(%)E




M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M8F]L9#L^06-C;W5N='

38P.SPO

3(P)3MP861D

3!P


M93HQ



M('1H92!R96QA=&5D(')E8V5I=F%B;&5S('1O(&%M;W5N='


M('5N8V]L;&5C=&EB;&4@86-C;W5N='


M

#`P

30N



Q-C`[;6EL;&EO

T1F;VYT

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[


]
T1R93X-


]





3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY)

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV

3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^26YV96YT;W)I97
F4Z,3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A9&1I;F<M;&5F=#HP<'@[
M=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z




M

M



2!C



2!C;VQS




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


38P.S(X+`\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M


Q-C`[
M

3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

6QE/3-$





M;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ+#$Q


G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M









T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


XX/]F






M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


BXP





M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L







M

'!T.SY-86YU9F%C












M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M

M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ



3!P=#L^-30N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ



3!P=#L^-#@N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\







P
#`P


M

M;&4@(S`P
#`P

#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS

P
#`P






P
#`P

2!C




3(P





'!T.SY











M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




3!P=#L^)B






@:7
@:6YC






'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P




'!T.SX@870F(S$V

T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


@:&%D(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;B!O9B`\



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



38P.S(X+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CQF



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#(S-2XS(&UI;&QI;VX\




#`P
#MT97AT+61E







M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M


M

#`P

2XV





#`P
M

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



#`P

M;CIN;VYE.SXR



3$\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T










3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

M:'0Z8F]L9#L^)B

P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I





P
#`P








M:'0Z





38P.SPO


#LR.2P@/&)R(&-L96%R
M/3-$;F]N92\^
C`Q



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M;W`Z




M;7!R;W9E;65N='

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V





M93HQ


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]





M
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.SXR-S8N,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



G!X

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\







\+V9O




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


M

'!T.SXR

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M







M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I




C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US











38P







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\










M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^

T1V








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L







M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


T1F;VYT



G!X.R!R;W=S


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^.#DN





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ
#4N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#L^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]




38P






3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;VTZ

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]












'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY!


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH
BPQ-S$N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


P
#`P
#`[







G!X




M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


CDX+C0\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I;&P@86YD($EN=&%N9VEB
M;&4@07-S971S+!';V]D=VEL;P@4&]L:6-Y(%M0;VQI8WD@5&5X=!;&]C


'!T










M:7







M:70@:7

M97








@:71S(&9A:7(@=F%L=64L('1H92!S96-O

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
6QE/3-$


M960@:6X@=&AE('-A;64@;6%N;F5R(&%S('1H92!A;6]U;G0@;V8@9V]O9'=I






M870@97AC97-S+B8C

M92UH96EG:'0Z



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



L(&%S


#MP97)I;V1S('!R
M97-E;G1E9XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.C$R
F4Z,3!P=#L^5&AE(&-A<G)Y:6YG(&%M;W5N=!O




#`P


M

'!T.SX@87
@;V8@



#`P




M)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXN)B

M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$


T1F;VYT+69A


G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC



Q-C`[

M1&YO;F4O/C(P
3

T1V97)T


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)B



G!X



T1F;VYT




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




'!T.SX\9F]N





M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





M





38P.SPO9F]N

3!P=#L^
34M
38\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M







M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,RXS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]






M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V










M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N






M



M



M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



M;&4]










M:'0Z






G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B




#`P

M






G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


M

'!T.SXH
C(N-CPO





M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B







G!X



3X\

[/DYO;BUA;6]R=&EZ960@:6YT86YG:6)L




G!X



3X\



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


3!P=#L^26YD969I;FET93PO


B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



3!P=#L^26YD969I;FET93PO9F]N


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



M='



M



M





M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


Y
M




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C;VQS



P
#`P

























T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M






#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^07!R:6PF(S$V


M86-H(&]F('1H92!N97AT(&9I=F4@9FES8V%L('EE87)S)B
Q-C`[:7
@97AP
M96-T960@=&\@8F4F(S$V

T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X




3I4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[9F]N


M=6%N8V4@8V]S='

@;V8@
M=&AE(')E;&%T960@;&]A;B!A9W)E96UE;G1S('5S:6YG('1H928C
38P.V5F



3I4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M



@86YD('1H96ER(')E





M='

M8VQU9&5S('1H92!E;F%C=&UE;G0@9&%T92X@5F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC
M97
@87)E(&5S=&%B;&ES:&5D('=H96X@;F5C97-S87)Y('1O(')E9'5C92!D


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M(&]F(&-O;7!L97@@=&%X(&QA=W
N(%-I9VYI9FEC86YT(&IU9&=M96YT(&ES


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M:71I97


@:6X@;W1H97(@;&EA8FEL:71I97
@86YD




F4Z,3!P=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ










T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ


M;G-I;VX@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G
@86YD(')E;&%T960@8V]S='
@:7
@9&5P96YD








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M0FQO8VM=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV('-T

M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


\



'!T.SXF(S$V




3!P=#L^5V4@87)E('-E;&8M:6YS=7)E
M9!F;W(@8V5R=&%I;B!L979E;',@;V8@9V5N97)A;!A;F0@=F5H:6-L92!L


@:7
@

N)B
Q-C`[

T1T;W`^0V]M;6ET;65N='
@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E
M;F-I97



M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY#;VYT:6YG96YT($QI


M;&%T960@=&\@=&AE(&]P97)A=&EO;B!O9B!O=7(@9F%R;7

@=&AE(&QI:V5L:6AO


L(&%S('=E;&P@87


@86YD(&9E97

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SY!(&1E=&5R;6EN871I;VX@;V8@=&AE(&%M;W5N=!O


M9F]R('1H97-E(&-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
@:7





F4Z,3!P
M=#L^3W5R(&-O;G1I;F=E;G0@;&EA8FEL:71I97,@8V]N=&%I;B!U;F-E<G1A
M:6YT:65S(&)E8V%U<V4@=&AE(&5V96YT=6%L(&]U=&-O;64@=VEL;!R97-U






@


@;V8@=&AE
M(&QA=RP@=&AE(&%M;W5N=!O9B!D86UA9V5S(&]R(&9E97,L(&%N9!T:&4@

@


@;W(@87-S=6UP
M=&EO;G






3!P=#LG

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




M/B8C

M






@9G)O;2!P











]




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I

3!P=#L^061V97)T:7-I



@;V-C=7(N


M
#`P

30S+C$@;6EL;&EO;CPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD




#`P

M.SXD



'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P

#$S





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
3PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


]

6QE/3-$
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[




]



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ







M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P


'!T.SX\9F]N








L('-U8V@@87

M;F0@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97






#`P

M.SXR+C$F(S$V



38P.VUI




#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
2XX)B
Q-C`[;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




#`P
#`P.W1E

C`Q




#`P

M.SXR




M;&4]

'!T.SXL(')E

]
T1T





#`P
#`P.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



@=&\@:&5D9V4@








M97

@

M:79A=&EV97
@=&AA=!Q=6%L:69Y(&%N9!H879E(&)E96X@9&5S:6=N871E

L









@

N



]







M;V0@:6YV97-T;65N='

M971H;V0@:6YV97-T;65N='




M97-T;65N='




M=7)E(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L;W-S97





M9'5S=')Y*2P@=&AE;B!A('=R:71E+61O=VX@;V8@=&AE(&EN=F5S=&UE;G0@



M4&%R=%\T
V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U865?.#-A-5\P9C$T-&9B8S`P



M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





]
T1T


M1#$^

C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^



]

M97


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

T0G




M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D





M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
C`Q




M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M87(]
T1N;VYE+SXR







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

M;6EL;&EO;G


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N






G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXY-C`N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




2!C














G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ-C(N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O








P
#`P


P
#`P


P
#`P


P
#`P


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N

P
#`P

M;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
BPS
M-#@N

P
#`P
#`[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






P
#`P
#`[


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR+#`W,BXT/]F;VYT



]









3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M;VQL87!S93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q


M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.24@


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

M8F]L9#L^)B


P
#`P








P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






M





38P.SPO9F]N


#LR.2P@/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$
M;F]N92\^
C`Q





#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M




M;W9E;65N='

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M






3X\

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



G!X.W!A

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M93HQ



\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


T1F

'!T.SXR

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ

M;&4]




T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L




M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXQ.#8N



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I









M;VTZ



M/3-$













M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^

T1V97)T





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


T1F;VYT+69A




M/3-$

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^.#DN





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ
#4N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ



3!P=#L^







M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]


38P.SPO







3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]












'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]







M;&4]

'!T.SY!8V-U


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH
M
BPQ-S$N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


P
#`P
#`[8F%C







G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


CDX+C0\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS



T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@1FEN:71E+4QI=F5D


3(P)3MT

3!P=#L^26YT86YG:6)L

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1'!A9&1I;F<M;&5F=#HP<'@[=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z
'!X.VQI;F4M

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


M=&0@=VED=&@]

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T

M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP



T0S('-T


#`P

M

M=W-P86X]



T1N;VYE+SXR

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B






G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH:6X@;6EL;&EO;G



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L









M;VTZ



M/3-$


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M





38P.SPO9F]N











3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





G!X.W!A9&1I

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


3!P=#L^

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^
30N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





S9P










M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS,RXQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH
M,C4N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP

M;VTZ



M


P
#`P




M

T0G=F5R








3!P


M93HQ

L(&YE=#PO9F]N












M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

P
#`P
#`[)R!R




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

P
#`P

M/3-$



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.W!A9&1I










G!X.W!A9&1I




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



R!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





M
















G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS-#`N,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^4&5R;6ET








T1V97)T:6-A


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



P
#`P


3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A




3!P=#L^)B


#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR<'@[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC






M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




F4Z
M




P
#`P

P
#`P


M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T,V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U865?.#-A
M-5\P9C$T-&9B8S`P,3$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M-#-F9#5A-3A?
V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P

M='
O4VAE970R.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M


]

]

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`R.P@
C`Q


]

M:6YA=&EO;G



M92UH96EG:'0Z

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;FEZ960@87
@;V8@=&AE(&1A=&4@;V8@86-Q=6ES:71I;VX@9F]R($%M97)I






M/3-$



M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\

















P
#`P
M






G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^06-C;W5N='




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^26YV96YT;W)I97

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ

M







G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^1V]O9'=I;&P\+V9O




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M


M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



G!X.V)O


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




F4Z,3!P=#L^3&EA8FEL:71I97,@87-S=6UE9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


'!T.SX\9F]N













'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






M/3-$

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

#`P
#MB

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




3!P=#L^
C0N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





M9F0U834X7S-E
31?-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
30T9F)C
#`Q





]

T1)1#!%



]
M



]
T1R



M


F4Z,3!P
M=#L^06QL(&1E<FEV871I=F4@8V]N=')A8W1S(&%R92!R96-O<F1E9!I;B!P


T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('!R97-E;G1S('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ

M



2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M



3X\





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M


#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1F;VYT+69A


G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF

T1N
M;VYE+SXR


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P





M





38P.SPO9F]N



38P.S(X+`\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SXR,#$S/]F;VYT

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



Q-C`[

M

T1V97)T



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0W






M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ







M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

2!C;VQS




M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



G!X.W!A

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXT+C$\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^)B
X






M






M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXP+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
M








#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L








B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ





M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

T1F

'!T.SXV
XQ/]F;VYT


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]


#`P

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

T1F

'!T.SXY+C8\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]







M





38P.SPO9F]N





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


38P.SPO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B










G!X.R!R







T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT





G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXW+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V








M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ

T1V97)T




\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B







P
#`P






3!P=#L^
XV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N

P
#`P





3!P=#L^


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^5&]T86P\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C(R+C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C$U+C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M=')U;65N='

T1V97)T:6-A













M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P



3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXW.2XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






F4Z,3!P=#L^,S`N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS<'@@9&]U8FQE




]

]


]

]
M

]
T1T97AT/CQD




F4Z,3!P=#L^+!T:&4@<F%N9V4@;V8@;F]T:6]N86P@


M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M93HQ





3!P
M=#MW:61T:#HQ

M:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Y(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CPO

T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R


M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/DUI;FEM=6T\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B





G!X.R!R;W=S




[/D-O

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M



M




G!X.W!A








M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

P+#@X-2PP

M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXQ
30L-3(U+#`P
M



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B






G!X




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M










3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



38P.U1O;G
\+V9O;G0^




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


CL\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXU-CDL.3(P+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B







G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ













M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
M
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF
M(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q


M;W1T;VTZ
3I4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[(&9O;G0M


M9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






M9VAT.C$R




I(&EN(%-T871E;65N



M9VAT.C$R

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X

M;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

3DE(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#8E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





P
#`P





M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


;W-S(&EN=&\@16%R
M;FEN9W
@*$5F9F5C=&EV92!0;W)T:6]N*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


T0Q
2!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


7!X

M8F]L9#L^
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
#`P

2!C;VQS


M93HQ



M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B
!S;VQI


M/C(P



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]







#`P

G!X.W!A


#`P

6QE

P
#`P






C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S


#`P

M;W`Z


#`P




P
#`P


G!X




C`Q
CPO

P
#`P


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;W1T;VTZ


T1F;VYT+69A




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#IB;VQD.SXH:6X@;6EL;&EO;G,I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T






M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


M;W`Z




M;VTZ



M/3-$


M='


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


Y+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






3X\9&EV



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



G!X

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\







M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M/3-$





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M;W1T;VTZ








M;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R


G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M





'!T.SXH



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



T1F

'!T.SXQ+CD\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^*#@R+C@\+V9O





#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXU-XY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^
XT/]F;VYT/CPO





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.R!R





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M;W`Z


M





M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,2XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




2!C;VQS





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







M





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S@R



G!X





M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


M

'!T.SXH




B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T




M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\

P
#`P
M





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




M;W1T;VTZ


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

P
M
#`P





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P


M/3-$



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N



F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS<'@@9&]U8FQE



M/3-$














#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT






G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


P
M
#`P





P
#`P

M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-C4N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

















#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P




M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE











#`P
#MB86-K

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]












3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXP+CD\+V9O;G0^/]D


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



@9&EF9F5R96YC97
@8F5T


T1T





T1T





M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O


M

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P


M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C



2!C;VQS


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







#`P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M971R:6

T1V




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M





38P.SPO9F]N



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M93HQ

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R




M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M-BPX
#`L









M




M


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-BPY-C`L,#`P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



]


@3F5W(%)O


M.C$R



@=&AE(&5F9F5C='
@;VX@;W5R








M


2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]








3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




I(%)E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@16%R;FEN9W
@;VX@1&5R:79A=&EV93PO9F]N


M86X]
T0Q
2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M













38P







#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I



#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P


T1F;VYT

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


3
\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

7!X('-O

P
#`P



M;&4]




M



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]





G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




T1V



T0Q
2!S

G!X

M


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH:6X@;6EL;&EO;G


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



G!X


'!T.SX\9F]N




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US










M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




G!X


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,2XY/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





2!C


'!T.SX\9F]N







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;VTZ





M93HQ



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M93HQ

T1V


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T




M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O


M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




#`P
M

!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT








M;W1T;VTZ

3!P




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93LG/B0U+C$@;6EL;&EO



#`P
#`P.W1E






M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



3!P=#L^+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV

]

]
M

]



]

]
M



F4Z,3!P=#L^+!T:&4@<F%N9V4@;V8@


C`[;6%R:RUT;RUM87)K
M970F(S@R

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M


3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Y(')O=W-P
M86X]

T0Q


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


2!C







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X




M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B




M





M=&%L:6


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY
96%N(&AO9W
\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O







3!P=#L^
S(P+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SY0;W5N9'

M






M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M





'!T.SXQ+#`X

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,BPY-C`L,#`P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T




M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXS
RPY-#4\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXQ
#DL

#MP861D:6YG+71O<#HR


G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


G!X.R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXY,S4L,#`P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M
6QE/3-$=F5R

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B










M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR+#`P,PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B




3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B






M;W1T;VTZ






M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M;G

T1V97)T


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M/3-$



M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1F





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXR
2PX
C








G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T



CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
M
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([
M)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F;VYT


T1W:61T:#HS-G!X.R!R;W=S





M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XH

#L\+V9O




;W-S*2!I;B!3=&%T96UE


I(')E8V]G;FEZ
7!E(&]F(&1E<FEV871I

@:6YD:6-A=&5D.CPO

3(P)3MP861D

3!P

M=&@Z

3


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$


G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

G!X.W!A


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M

P
#`P

3X\9&EV







G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I










G!X.R!R





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXV




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]







M

'!T.SY#;VUM;V1I



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S@R



G!X.R!R





M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


M




M(S`P
#`P

M

M
#`P


3!P=#L^-#8N
SPO

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

P
#`P
M







G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


3!P


M93HQ

M
#`P

G!X

#`P
M


3!P=#L^
30N
3PO9F]N

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P
#`[






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ


#`P


3!P=#L^


M

#`P
M

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P

F4Z
3!P=#L^-30N-#PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[)R!R





3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ


M;&4]

'!T.SY4:&4@

@9V%I;G





M8FQE(&EN8VQU9&5S(&%M;W5N='





MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P
#$Q
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S0S9F0U834X7S-E
31?
M-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
30T9F)C
#`Q

S$N:'1M









T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H










3!P=#LG

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ









T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3!P



M
'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY396=M96YT/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X


M(S$V

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




M


T1N;VYE+SXR
M

P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I








M/3-$



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M;7!O9G(F(S(S-SMO($9O;V0@1W)O=7`@*$-&1RD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M;W`Z











M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M






'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


W-BXR




M;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXS.#4N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




3!P=#L^26YT97)N871I;VYA;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W`Z






T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^

M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXQ
3$N





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

F4Z,3!P=#L^5F%R:6]U<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D









G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR-BXV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^
C8N
CPO






G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



P
#`P
#`[
















38P

P
#`P


M




M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



#`P

M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]


M;'DZ5&EM97


M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


C0@;6]N=&AS+CPO9F]N

3(P)3MT97AT+6%L
#L^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL





M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z




T1F



M





38P.SPO9F]N








M

'!T.SY-87D@-2P@
M
C`Q




#`P








P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S













38P





#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^-RXY








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^-BXS
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M-RXW


M

38P.R@Q*2`H




G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B
X

3!P=#L^


M

'!T.SX\9F]N









M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@S



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





'!T.SXF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
M
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([
M)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\=&%B


!S='EL93TS1=P

M



3X\9&EV('-T



M;CIT;W`[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO

3(P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

F4Z.'!T.SY3=6)S97%U96YT
M('1O('1H92!E;F0@;V8@9FES8V%L(#(P
3
L($-&1R=S('-H87)E('!R:6-E



M9B`H26YC;VUE*2!

]
M



M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






M86X]



M



2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$







G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I




F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O

P
#`P


G!X



F4Z
M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E-E9VUE;G0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T
M9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[<&%D9&EN9RUL

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


3(\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P



M


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[










G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



'0M86QI9VXZ








M;&4]


3!P=#L^


M



M








M;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M



'!T.SXH




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


3!P=#L^26YT

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^*#DN
SPO9F]N=#X\




M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



G!X


3!P=#L^


M


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M='






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V






'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N









3X\9&EV


P
#`P


P
#`P




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC




M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

M:'0Z










M



'!T.SY
;W-S(AI;F-O;64I(&9R;VT@97%U:71Y(&UE=&AO9!I






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



P
#`P


M


P
#`P
M







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


P
#`P

M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-3`N,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O


3!P=#L^)B
X
M
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R
M.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C
M.#(Q
CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL







M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E

M

M;&4]


4[=&5X=UA


X
C$W.W

N($=!
M05`@861J=7-T;65N='
@86YD('1H=7



M93HQ



M;V]D($=R;W5P(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@4W5M;6%R:7IE9!&:6YA


]
M




M;VTZ

3!P=#L^/&1I



M;VQL87!S93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q


M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

7!X('-O




R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



M93HQ


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R;W=S





M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^
BPT-C0N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
BPU
S8N



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B






3!P=#L^
BPT
M
S
N







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]

'!T.SXH-S$N
M


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B






G!X.W!A


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S



M9&5N.VAE:6=H=#HR


38P.SPO




M:'0Z





38P.SPO





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T



M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^07!R:6PF(S$V,#LR.P@/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N
M92\^
C`Q

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T


T1N;VYE+SXR
#$R


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^)B



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^)B
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^)B
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T





M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M/3-$







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXY-#0N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^3&]N9RUT

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^
2PY
C8N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ





3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M


G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXQ+#`Y-XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/]D:78^/'-P86X^/]S

M;&4Z+R\O0SHO-#-F9#5A-3A?
V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P
#$Q

O4VAE970S
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7


]


]

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`R.P@
C`Q


]


]
T1R;SX-



M9SHF(S$V


3!P=#L^/&1I

3`P

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O




Q-C`[

3(\+V9O;G0^




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z








M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M



3X\




G!X.R!R








M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXW


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^


M

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N





M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXV



M93HQ



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


#MP861D:6YG


G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ
S@N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X


P
#`P
#`[)R!R





M9&EN9RUL969T.C




3!P


M93HQ








M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P



7!X('-O
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXV
M-#$N

P
#`P
#`[

P
#`P







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P




#`P







M;&4@(S`P
#`P

M;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^-C4W

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A

M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]


V4Q
M-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P

O4VAE970S
RYH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






]

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*



M9VX]



M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



@;V8@=&AE(&9O;&QO
M=VEN9SHF(S$V


3!P=#L^

M

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$


G!X



3X\

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



Q-C`[

3(\+V9O




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z









M





38P.SPO9F]N

M







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]








B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXS

L(&1U92!*=6QY
M(#(P


T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B






M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]



M8W5R960@;F]T97
L(&1U92!*=6QY(#(P




B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]













3X\9&EV('-T

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.W!A


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M






G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^







M+6EN9&5N=#HM


T1F

'!T.SY&;&]A=&EN9R!R




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY&;&]A=&EN9R!R871E('-E;FEO

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$



M/3-$




M






M2G5N92`R


T0R


#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,S(N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



P
#`P







M



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^
BPT-SDN



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

G!X

#`P
M



3!P=#L^
2PY

SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\








#`P

M+6QE9G0Z



P
#`P









M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R




M86X]


M93HQ







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS




M9B!


]



M8G0@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
Z)B

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X.W1E

M



M93HQ
'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

T0S



2!C


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR
M


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C



P
#`P


M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV-S4N,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

P
#`P

M



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^




M;W`Z


3!P=#L^


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




3X\




G!X.R!R












M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P


3X\9&EV



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY4;W1A;!D96)T/]F;VYT/CPO


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


P
M
#`P





P
#`P

M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR+#0W.2XQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



M
V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P
#$Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S0S9F0U834X7S-E
31?-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
30T9F)C
M
#`Q



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E



T0Q/C$R($UO

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@




T1T;W`^4V-H





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^07!R:6PF
M(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY


'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A9&1I





M:61T:#TS1#



M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

P
#`P



M




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P



T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH:6X@;6EL;&EO;G




M:'0Z




30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]




34\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


P+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR-XS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L






M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS











38P



T1F





#MP

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD

#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


]


@3V)L:6=A=&EO;G
@6U1A8FQE(%1E




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT



M97)S('1H870@;V)L:6=A=&4@=7






M('%U86YT:71I97



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ












#`P

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B








M












3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXQ+#

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



38\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^
2PP.#$N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXY
CDN-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M+R\O0SHO-#-F9#5A-3A?
V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P
#$Q+U=O

O4VAE970S-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'



T1T;W`^







T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY)

@;V8@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9SHF
M(S$V


3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S

3`P)3MB

3

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M









M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M;&4]

M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P




#`P




P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

M:'0Z8F]L9#L^
C`Q



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N








#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







3!P=#L^
SDN.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO






M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




3X\

M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXU+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T


3PO9F]N






M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ



#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


T1T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


T1T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


T1T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


'!T.SX\9F]N




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV











M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1V97)T:6-A














38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ
C@N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


#MP861D:6YG+71O<#HR


G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B




M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T





M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB




M
3!P=#L^*#
N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-2XS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C





M





38P.SPO9F]N




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXY
XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ
M-3@N,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



M;VTZ



M/3-$




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P


G!X.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

3!P=#L^


M

M
#`P

2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P


G!X.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXQ-S(N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M




M
3!P=#L^
C

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V-H
M961U;&4@;V8@169F96-T:79E($EN8V]M92!487@@4F%T92!296-O;F-I;&EA
M=&EO;B!;5&%B;&4@5&5X=!;&]C:UT\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





M=W-P86X]

T0Q


M/3-$



M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T



M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^1FES8V%L(%EE87)S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P
3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@





#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P
M






G!X



3X\



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

P
#`P


M/3-$





#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





7!X
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

P
M
#`P









#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V







M;&4]

'!T.SY3=&%T
M92!I;F-O;64@=&%X97



M


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B










M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS







M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXH
XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




2!C;VQS










T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






3!P


M93HQ





3X\



3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[










M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L









M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT





M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.SXH
XS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^





M



M








G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T

M



'!T.SXH

F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




M/3-$





G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M;&4]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,2XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




2!C;VQS










T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






3!P


M93HQ


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXH


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


G!X.R!R;W=S






M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B










2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M





3!P=#L^
BXP



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ


3!P=#L^*#$N
CPO






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R




#`P
#MP

M;VTZ



M



M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





P
#`P



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

#`P


M


3!P=#L^
S(N
SPO9F]N

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z












3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E




M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M









M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT

C`Q
SPO9F]N


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

M;8C,38P.S(Y+`\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SXR



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH:6X@;6EL;&EO;G





3!P


M93HQ

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M:71I97






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M;W1T;VTZ




M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N








T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/D%C8W)U960@97AP96YS97

M97






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^
S(N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B








M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-RXS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^3W1H97(\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^
3`N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]




#`P


3!P=#L^-#`Y+C0\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






M86X]

M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

F4Z,3!P=#L^5F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


P
#`P
M




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M



#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG










M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^5&]T




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M










M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



3X\9&EV('-T
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS
M-S$N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


W









T1F;VYT+69A





M/3-$



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY);G1A;F=I8FQE

B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY$97)I=F%T:79E

M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M





3!P=#L^




M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M;&4]










M:'0Z






G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
#`[









M




\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



2!C;VQS






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z









]
'0@0FQO8VM=/]T9#X-

M8F%L86YC92!S:&5E='
@87


#`P
#`P





Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
3(\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T
M.SXZ)B


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P
M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M:'0Z8F]L9#L^07!R:6PF(S$V

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


38P.S(Y+`\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SXR,#$R/]F;VYT


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M




M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A


3!P




M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^3W1H97(@;&EA8FEL:71I97
\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^



3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q


T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@56YR96-O9VYI
'0@0FQO


3!P

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY!(')E8V]N8VEL:6%T:6]N(&]F


M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




T0P(&-E;&QS






T0Q

T0Q)2!R;W=S









M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M8F]L9#L^*&EN)B
Q-C`[;6EL;&EO;G
I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^0F%L86YC92P@36%Y(#$L
M(#(P






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M;W1T;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


@





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^




M=&EO;G

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T1V




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^0F%L86YC92P@07!R:6P@
CDL
M(#(P



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

M;W1T;VTZ












M




3!P=#L^
M)B

M969T.C




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SY!9&1I=&EO;G

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








M9&EN9RUL969T.C




3!P


M93HQ










'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^4V5T=&QE;65N='


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ










'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





G!X




P
#`P


T0R('-T


#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z








V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U865?
M.#-A-5\P9C$T-&9B8S`P

T0G=&5X


^#0H@(`@(`\='(^


I

]


]
T1T

]


M96EG:'0Z

3!P






'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A9&1I








M=&@]



M






38P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L


T1N;VYE+SXR

P
#`P



M




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^
2PV
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





3!P=#L^
2PS
CDN.3PO









3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I










T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^-S4N.3PO9F]N




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M


3!P


M93HQ



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;VTZ

















G!X


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^3W1H



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







M:'0Z







B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD




3!P=#L^
2PX
M
3
N

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O




3!P=#L^
M
2PV
3`N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M93HQ






M=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


2!C



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





M





38P.SPO9F]N


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]









M


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N










3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V








M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^

T1V97)T











M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^*#8R+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M














'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

T1V97)T


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M



#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^1F%I




M





38P.SPO9F]N




M:60@(S`P
#`P

M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R;W=S




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z







3!P


M93HQ

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P




3X\





G!X.R!R;W=S




[/D%M
M;W5N='


G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B







M9&EN9RUL969T.C




3!P


M93HQ






M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[







2!C







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

3!P


M93HQ

T1V




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N



@86YD(&]T

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A









M;&4]

'!T.SY.970@


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[










3!P=#L^)B





M


M/3-$


3(P

N(%1H92!F


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#$R

M;&4]



P
#`P

38P




M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^(&%N9`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^9FES8V%L(#(P
3(\




M;F4[/B0S+C4F(S$V

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

#`P

M
C`Q


M/3-$=&]P/E-C:&5D=6QE(&]F($%M;W5N='


M

'!X.SX\=&%B


!S='EL93TS1=F



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




M;&4]


T1N;VYE
M+SXR

P
#`P


G!X.W!A


6QE/3-$



G!X.R!R;W=S




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY5

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





2!C





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C














T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






3!P


M93HQ






M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


N



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R




M5&EM97


M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

@=&AE(&-O
M;7!O;F5N='


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





M=&@]



M



T0Q



T0Q)2!R







#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


#`P



M


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

\+V9O;G0^




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




#`P

G!X.W!A


#`P

6QE

P
#`P






C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
M
#`P





38P.SPO




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



G!X






M;VTZ



M/3-$



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


3X\





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


W


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N

M






'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXW-XY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T





G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[







M/3-$



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M




M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M






M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


T+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@07-S=6UP=&EO;G

]
T1T



#L\+V9O

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

T0G9F]N



T0Q



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B
!S;VQI


M/C(P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

G!X


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ

P
#`P

3X\







G!X






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R


M;VTZ





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\






















M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT





G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T



'!T.SX\9F]N





G!X






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


F4Z
M,3!P=#L^4F%T92!O9B!C;VUP96YS871I;VX@:6YC<F5A<V4\+V9O;G0^/]D


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








3X\



3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


M



M86X@07-S971S(%M486)L92!497AT($)L;V-K73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY!<')I;8C

T1F;VYT

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





M=&@]



M



T0Q




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

P
#`P







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M(S$V
#LR.2P@/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L







M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






3X\9&EV





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\






G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT,3$N,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


P+34P)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT.34N,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M

V





M;&4]

'!T.SY!;'1E


T1V


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M;&4]

'!T.SXW-BXV


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






M;&4]

'!T.SXU+3(P



M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P




#`P







M;&4@(S`P
#`P

M;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
2PQ
M

P
#`P
#`[

P
#`P







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P




#`P







M;&4@(S`P
#`P

M;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
2PP
M
C

P
#`P
#`[

P
#`P







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO







M='

M87














#`P

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B








M






'!T.SXW






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V













M



'!T.SXF(S$V








M93HQ



3@\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^.3$N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






]

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ










M



2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
30E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q



M:'0Z





38P.SPO








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


M;W`Z


F4Z.'!T.V9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D9I<V-A;!996%R<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D5)3B`O(%!.(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XH



M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A



M
#`P


P
#`P



G!X.V)O


C`Q



#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

C(@+R`P
#$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





2!C;VQS




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B







3!P=#L^



3(P






T1V


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M



'!T.SXS-BTV
#4R
SDP(\@,#`Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXP+C(\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


3!P=#L^3V-T



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I




S$R.34@+R`P


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#L^
XQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^
XQ/]F







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#L^





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M;G



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



P
#`P


3X\9&EV

P
#`P

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P

F4Z
3!P=#L^

#`P
#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



P
#`P

2!C




M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R
M.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C
M.#(Q
CLF(S@R


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO

3(P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






M/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M







C`E


M


3(P)3MT


M:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ-G!X.V9O;G0M9F%M


4[9F]N
M=US:7IE.CAP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



30L($]C=&]B97(@
C`Q-2!A
M;F0@36%Y(#(P




]




C@L(#(P
3








F4Z,3!P=#L^5&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@96%C:!O<'1I;VX@9W)A;G0@
M:7

F5S('1H92!A<W-U;7!T:6]N<R!M861E(&EN
M(&1E=&5R;6EN:6YG('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G,@
M9W)A;G1E9!I;B!T:&4@9FES8V%L('EE87)S(&EN9&EC871E9#H\+V9O;G0^

M;W1T;VTZ

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A9&1I

3`P)3MB;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P

M/3-$




T0Q

T0Q)2!R



M


38P.SPO9F]N


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE









M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P

6QE/3-$

P
#`P



M:'0Z


C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P
M





38P.SPO9F]N



F4Z,3!P=#L^17AP96-T960@86YN=6%L('9O;&%T:6QI='D\+V9O;G0^
M/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[





#`P











F4Z

T1F

'!T.SXU-3PO9F]N=#X\

G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
#`P
#`[






M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S@R





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C











T1F;VYT+69A



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M





3!P=#L^







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1V




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N





M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+C8R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^





M



M





M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M






G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z





M9B!3:&%R92UB87-E9!#;VUP96YS871I;VXL(%-T;V-K($]P=&EO;G,L($%C
M=&EV:71Y(%M486)L92!497AT($)L;V-K73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C

M96EG:'0Z

3!P





#`P






T1P861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




@3F5W

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M-3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ


M9B!3:&%R97

T1V97)T:6-A


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




M

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B






R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT





C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M9G0Z


P
M
#`P





P
#`P
#`[


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,2XX,CPO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

P
#`P







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)B



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^1W)A;G1E9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



G!X


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,XV-SPO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M






M





38P.SPO9F]N

M







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





'0M86QI


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

T1V97)T


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






G!X.R!R




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT












M/3-$








M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









3X\



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M










M;&4]



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

@;V8@07!R:6P@
C@L(#(P
3


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#L^
2PV
C$L






M;&4]


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXR
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C








M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





]


M:'0Z


Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3
\







T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T.W=I
M9'1H.C$P





M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]





M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L








G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXY
#@L





3!P


M93HQ


M;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ







G!X.W!A9&1I












2!C



G!X


3!P=#L^


M


'!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT




M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-3$L,#`P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ






'!T.SXQ+#(Q



W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M





@;V8@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9SH\+V9O;G0^

M;W1T;VTZ

3!P=#L^




M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Y(')O=W-P86X]

M=&@]



M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$










M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT

C`Q
SPO9F]N


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

M;8C,38P.S(Y+`\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SXR



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]




7!X('-O;&ED











3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;VTZ









M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M




G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY096YS:6]N(&%C8V]U;G1I




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I







B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X








M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M

G!X

M/3-$


M:60@(S`P
#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K




3!P
M=#L^-3$N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M93HQ


M93HQ








P
#`P
#`[)R!R





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ






M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3`N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P




#`P


3!P


M93HQ





M=!I9#TS1$E$,$4Q04%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]

M86)L97

]






@86YD($QI86)I;&ET:65S($UE

]

T0G


@86YD(&QI
M86)I;&ET:65S('1H870@=V5R92!M96%S=7)E9!A=!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]N

M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^07!R:6PF(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q
M,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N
'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY!<')I;8C
38P.S(Y+`R,#$R/]F;VYT


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M



T0V



T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^07!R:6PF(S$V

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

#LR.2P@
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R


M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/DQE=F5L)B
Q-C`[
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S


#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M9#L^3&5V96PF(S$V

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ










M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G=F5R


M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/DQE=F5L)B
Q-C`[
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S


#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M9#L^3&5V96PF(S$V

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ






G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



#`P







M/3-$





M





38P

M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





G!X.W!A9&1I












T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M/3-$





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




G!X


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M9G0Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


'!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXP+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^)B
X









38P




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


CL\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXT+C


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X









M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


CL\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXF(S@R



M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0G=F5R




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T


CL\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^-C`N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S@R



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





'!T.SXU









38P



T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]














M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\9&EV

P
#`P
#`[)R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,RXR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






7!X('-O;&ED



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M;VTZ






'!T.SXF(S@R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






7!X('-O;&ED



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M;VTZ






'!T.SXW-XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


P
M
#`P





P
#`P

M


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


G!X







#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]











W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


G!X.V)O






'!T.SXF(S@R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]











W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


G!X.V)O






'!T.SXQ
C$N

P
#`P

P
#`P


M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A




'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#L@<F]W

M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M
F4Z
M
3!P=#L^)B



G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\





T0S




M.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


T0S

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



3!P=#L^)B


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^1&5R:79A=&EV97








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M






T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N


M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M;&5F=#HV


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ


M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P















M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M











T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A














38P






M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO


M
#L@<F]W

M;&5F=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z









M;'-P86X]


#`P



M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M

7!X('-O




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X



#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



P
#`P




M
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


M

'!T.SXF(S@R
3([


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^5&]T






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
#`P
#`[







#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R







#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N






#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P

P
#`P

2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P


G!X.V)A8VMG

#`P
M



T1F


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O



#`P




3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P

P
#`P

2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P


G!X.V)A8VMG

#`P
M



T1F


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O



#`P





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





]



3(P)3MT97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^5&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!T


@*&%T(&QE

T1F;VYT

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[



'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A9&1I





M=VED=&@]
T0S

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M



T0Q



T0Q)2!R




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M









38P

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

6QE/3-$


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

P
#`P



6QE


M;VTZ



M/3-$


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

38P.S$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z










#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






M=F5L)B
Q-C`[

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




M



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P



T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


P
#`P



M:'0Z


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



T1V97)T




M8F]L9#L^*&EN(&UI;&QI;VYS*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R



M;&5N='






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M;W1T;VTZ








M;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R


G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M





'!T.SXF(S@R






M


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXT







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




G!X


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,BXT/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M






3X\





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;VTZ











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R



M:&ED9&5N.VAE:6=H=#HQ


38P





M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R
F4Z
3!P=#L^
M)B


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






M1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





















M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^)B
X



M:'0Z





38P.SPO





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


CL\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D











38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N





M





38P


R!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

R!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ








G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXR
RXS



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,RXS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B




M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^
C(N



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




M/3-$





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B









M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,2XX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M)B
X



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXY
XW/]F;VYT/CPO





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXY



M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT








M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A














38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXX+CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXQ


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ





3!P=#L^


M



3X\



3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


CL\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXR
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
S`N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$



M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^
3@N
#PO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




M/3-$





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^
3@N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B










G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M)B
X



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



'!T.SX\9F]N



'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^-BXW



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\



3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M



F4Z,3!P=#L^26YT97)N871I;VYA;!C;VUM;VX@<W1O8VL\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^
3`T+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S@R


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^



M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S@R



M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY-=71U86P@9G5N
M9'


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]




T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^26YT97)N871I;VYA;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^.#(N.#PO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




M/3-$





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B










G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M
S`N







M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^
C
N


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]






3!P=#L^





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B










G!X




M/3-$





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT





M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B










M








M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US










38P

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I


3!P=#L^)B



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R
F4Z
3!P=#L^
M)B



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I


3!P=#L^)B



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R
F4Z
3!P=#L^
M)B



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I


3!P=#L^)B



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



3!P=#L^)B




M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0S('-T






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


R!S

G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M






T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


M


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N








M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S@R


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A














38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ

M969T.C




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]






M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^
38N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXY,BXP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1V97)T:6-A






B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#L^
38N



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B










G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-BXR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B










3X\9&EV('-T







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I







M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT






M





3!P=#L^)B
X



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT



M/3-$





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^
3
P+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S@R



'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^



3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S@R




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






M93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

M93HQ




M
#L@<F]W

M9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




3!P=#L^)B



G!X





M






M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z
3AP




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O
F4Z
3!P
M=#L^)B
















#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L









#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M





3!P=#L^-3$N


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


CL\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\








M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T





M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




M







M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B










3X\9&EV('-T







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T

M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ









M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O





M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






G!X.R!R





38P



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






G!X.R!R





38P



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\



3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T






G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$



M




G!X





M







G!X.R!R




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


R!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

M93HQ






G!X.W!A9&1I





M







G!X.R!R




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


R!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

M93HQ






G!X.W!A9&1I





M







G!X.R!R




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


R!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

M93HQ

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


CL\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXQ+C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXF(S@R

M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B
X


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M





P
#`P



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



3!P=#L^)B






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N



P
#`P



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[:&5I9VAT


3!P=#L^)B





M




'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

P
#`P


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





G!X





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.SXS,SDN,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@









G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^
M-#$N

P
#`P
#`[




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\




G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



3!P=#L^


M



M:'0Z





38P.SPO

P
#`P


G!X



T1F;VYT


#`P




M

T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T










M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
2PP
C$N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



#`P
M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



G!X.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


3!P
M=#L^)B

P
#`P

2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



#`P
M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






R!S

G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



P
#`P
#`[






P
#`P


M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B










M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
#`P
#`[



#`P


M
3!P=#L^
2PP
C
N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@3&5V96P@5&AR964@1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L
M86X@07-S971S(%)O;&P@1F]R=V%R9!;5&%B;&4@5&5X=!;&]C:UT\+W1D



M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O



R!P96YS:6]N('!L86X@

Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
M
3




#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^07!R:6PF(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q
CPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



3!P

M=&@Z

3X\+W1D/CPO

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M



M




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]



M;G


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^0F%L86YC92P@36%Y(#$L(#(P
3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





M





G!X.W!A9&1I





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T:6-A





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R;W=S








M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]




T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M

T1V97)T:6-A




@86YD

P
#`P


P
#`P

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




M;W1T;VTZ




T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P



3!P=#L^



M:'0Z





38P.SPO


P
#`P

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXW-2XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A




M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z


M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXH






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L




L(&YE=#PO



M(S`P
#`P










G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


P
M
#`P





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A




W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

7!X('-O






F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS<'@@9&]U8FQE





M9VX]


]
M





Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3

T1F;VYT

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^07!R:6PF
M(S$V
#LR.2P@
C`Q











M



2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M



3X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC




Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
3

M;&4]


M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1F;VYT

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


P
#`P


G!X


6QE




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ












M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M;W1T;VTZ










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR+#0W.2XQ/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR+#$W-BXU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M






3X\





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE


M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T,V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U865?.#-A-5\P
M9C$T-&9B8S`P,3$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-#-F
M9#5A-3A?
V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P

O
M4VAE970S.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]

3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@









M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^07!R
M:6PF(S$V
#LR.P@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M


38P

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P








M:'0Z





38P.SPO


#LR.2P@/&)R(&-L96%R
M/3-$;F]N92\^
C`Q



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




M93HQ

@9G)O;2!R96QA=&5D


T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T






M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





M



'!T.SXF(S@R




M





38P.SPO9F]N




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S@R



F4Z,3!P=#L^5&]T
M86P@<F5C96EV86)L97,@9G)O;2!R96QA=&5D('!A<G1I97,\+V9O;G0^/]D


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M




M

M
#`P

2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P


G!X.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

3!P=#L^


M

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L

M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M
F4Z
M
3!P=#L^)B



G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B













3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

3!P


M93HQ

T1V97)T





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M




T1T97AT+6%L


CL\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M






M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0G=F5R











3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M



M/3-$




6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS


M


M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P
#$Q#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S0S9F0U834X7S-E
31?-#5A95\X
M
V$U7S!F
30T9F)C
#`Q




^


M1$E$







]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]


6QE




M(&]P97)A=&EO;G



T1P861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

P
#`P




F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M
M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D9I<V-A;!996%R<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
M
#`P


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P




#`P
#`P






M/3-$



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O




R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

M9&EN9RUL969T.C




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SY396=M96YT('-A;&5S)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z









M




G!X.W!A9&1I

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M93HQ



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M93HQ

T1V


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M



'!T.SXQ
PR-C,N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


'!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^2&]G(%!R;V1U




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


L
3



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXS+#`U
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]






3!P=#L^
BPW
#4N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#L^
2PT-C8N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B








P
#`P




3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#L^-S0N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I






T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ





T1T97AT+6%L




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

T1F

'!T.SXQ-2PV
3(N
SPO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




3!P=#L^
30L
S@T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE










3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI




G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]










3X\9&EV('-T







T1F;VYT+69A


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




M86X]






3!P=#L^*#(L
S@P+C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXH

M93HQ

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


RXP







3!P


M93HQ

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#L^*#
V+C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO




3X\


P
#`P




G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



P
#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




#`P

G!X

M/3-$











38P



T1F

'!T.SXH
BPQ.#$N-SPO






M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M+#(R

#`P
M

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R







M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P



7!X('-O
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ
M
RPP.30N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


P
#`P




#`P







M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
M
3(L

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R
F4Z
3!P=#L^
M)B


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






M1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@





M



M



M














G!X.R!R




M/3-$















M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ
S8N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









3X\



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ
C4N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXV



G!X.W!A









M/3-$



M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


X+C$\





M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S@R




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY#;W)P;W)A=&4\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\

P
#`P
M





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z
3!P=#L^








M:'0Z





38P.SPO

P
#`P


G!X

#`P



M;&4]


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O



#`P




3!P=#L^
C
Y+CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N






G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


P
M
#`P





P
#`P

M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,S$N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O










M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;VTZ



M/3-$

'!X


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D








T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^)B







T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V

M93HQ

T1V



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^
3
Q+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXQ


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B




M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR









G!X.W!A













M





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




#`P




M/3-$



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I
















M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



7!X
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXQ-C@N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


P
#`P




#`P







M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P

#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




P
#`P






G!X.R!R



M:&ED9&5N.VAE:6=H=#HQ


38P





M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R
F4Z
3!P=#L^
M)B








3X\9&EV





B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M

'!T.SXH


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1V97)T:6-A


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V









M









G!X


3!P=#L^


M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^26YT97)N871I;VYA

M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^*#$S+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXQ

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;W`Z


3!P=#L^


M93HQ


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A














38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R









T1F




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M










M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


P
#`P






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




P
#`P

M









G!X.R!R;W=S




[/D]P






M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\






T1F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXV
M



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B










M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M






M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\


M





3!P=#L^

M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXR











38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ
#@N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B





B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


CL\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^*#(N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


#$N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B








T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




#`P


M




M(S`P
#`P

G!X.V)O






'!T.SXU
3DN

P
#`P

#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



P
#`P


3X\9&EV






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

W!X(&1O=6)L
M92`C
#`P

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT


#`P



F4Z

T1F


#`P
#MB;W)D97(M

#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





M/3-$




M/3-$



M



2!C



2!C;VQS




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


38P.S(X+`\8G(@8VQE87(],T1N;VYE+SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M


Q-C`[
M

3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



R!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M;&4]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
BPR.3$N



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B






3!P=#L^
BPR



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B







3!P=#L^
BPV
C`N
CPO9F]N=#X\












38P

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^26YT97)N871I;VYA;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D






M/3-$
6QE




T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
2PV-3$N-#PO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B






M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^
2PT
C(N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#`Q-2XQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C









M;&4]

'!T.SY#;VYS









M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M
F4Z
3!P=#L^


M
!D;W5B;&4@
M(S`P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P









M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M
F4Z
3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXW+#0R

M(S`P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P









M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M
F4Z
3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXW+#8Q

M(S`P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P





M=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

R!S

G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!X.V9O


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M




M;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T1V





M











M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^)B







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^)B

M9RUL969T.C




3!P=#L^


M



G!X





M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#L^


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



M













T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





G!X





M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^-3$P+C(\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXU
#$N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







M




M.C




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY#

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
XR/]F;VYT



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^
XS/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



#`P
#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



P
#`P

2!C








G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P



M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M(S`P
#`P

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


M:'0Z


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






M;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V





M=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M;W`Z


M:'0Z


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z


M;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


'!T.SX\9F]N


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




3X\



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A






T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





'!T.SX\9F]N




G!X


'!T.SX\9F]N




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








T1F;VYT



M;&4]

'!T.SXX
2XS




G!X.W!A9&1I









T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^.3`N









38P

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R









M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR-BXU/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^






M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXV+C

M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXS

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M








G!X.W!A









M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T






M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


M

P
#`P
M












]

M


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A9&1I;F<M;&5F=#HP<'@[
M=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z




M

T0U


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED




M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I







G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





38P

M(&-O;'-P86X]

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

M;6EL;&EO;G


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^0F%L86YC92P@36%Y(#$L(#(P


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




G!X.R!R;W=S



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




G!X.R!R



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^3W1H97(@9V]O9'=I;&P@861J=7-T;65N='

3!P=#L^

P
#`P




3!P=#L^*#`N-#PO






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M


P
#`P
#`[



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I






M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




3!P=#L^




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]


M93HQ




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

M

P
#`P

2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




#`P


3!P

T0G=F5R=&EC


#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




M





38P.SPO9F]N


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO



M;&4]



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ



3!P=#L^*#$N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





P
#`P



7!X('-O;&ED



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M

#`P
#MB

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


P
#`P
#`[)R!R




!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MB;W)D97(M=&]P.C%P

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



P
#`P

2!C



!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



P
#`P


3X\


M

'!T.SXF(S@R
3([
M)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
M
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R


M:6YG/3-$


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

2!C


3(P)3MF;VYT
6QE/3-$9F]N

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M;65N='

@;V8@9F]R96EG









3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^5&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!T86)L

C`Q

#L\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P


M9VAT.C$R

'!X

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT






3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]





'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


3(\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]

7!X

P
#`P

3X\9&EV('-T




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B







G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z





38P.SPO








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^



3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


3X\







M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.SXQ,PY
#`N

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXQ+#
P

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE












#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P


3X\9&EV

P
#`P
#`[)R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,BPR,#(N-SPO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[








G!X.W!A9&1I


M:'0Z


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N



G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M




3$\+V9O;G0^











3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R






M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M



'!T.SXS+#`S






T1F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT







M




P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^
2PQ
S$N-SPO




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



3!P=#L^
2PS-C@N
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I












M;&4]

W!X
M(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



7!X
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

M



P
#`P


3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

M



P
#`P


3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I





M9VX]
T1T;W`^4&]R:R!396=M96YT(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



'0^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL



M9FES8V%L('EE87)S(&EN9&EC871E9XF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P
M

M='(^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D/CQT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T





M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A



M
#`P


P
#`P



G!X.V)O


C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^








F4Z
M



'!T.SXU-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




P
#`P


M




G!X

#`P
M



T1F



G!X.W!A9&1I








3(P)3MF



#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT




M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T






M/3-$






G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P







M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O



F4Z

T1F

'!T.SXQ
#`\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P








M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


#PO

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R


M
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF
M(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
M

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97





M

M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US
M:7IE.C5P=#XH

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@













3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P



G!X


C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P
#`[)R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P
3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL








#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






7!X('-O;&ED
F4Z

M;&4]

'!T.SXX
#PO

M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




P
M
#`P






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^,30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M,T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








3X\



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M









M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





'!T.SXQ
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




#`P
M






3!P=#L^






#`P
#MB






3!P=#L^









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M

P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXQ

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M




3X\9&EV('-T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^

M;&4@(S`P
#`P




3!P=#L^


M


M


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO

3(P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

F4Z.'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M




]




]
T1T



M960@;65A='


3X\+W1D/CPO

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P



M:'0Z


C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P
M





38P.SPO9F]N



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P
3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M




#`P




M


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M-#




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXT
CPO9F]N=#X\



M;CIT;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z




#`P
#MB












#`P
#MB86-K





3!P=#L^

M

7!X('-O






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ
!S;VQI



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ


3!P=#L^

#`P
#MP861D:6YG

G!X



T1F;VYT




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T.SX\9F]N









C`E.V9O


2!C


3(P)3MT97AT



M=%\T
V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U865?.#-A-5\P9C$T-&9B8S`P









]

C`Q

]
T1P



T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@0V%S:!&;&]W+!3=7!P



3!P=#LG/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





M86X]


M



2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




T0G

7!X('-O;&ED


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

P
#`P


G!X.W!A




C`Q
SPO9F]N

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


M



G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B








T1V97)T



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





M/3-$



F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE














T1F;VYT




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,RXW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M


V4Q-%\T
M-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P

O4VAE970T
BYH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M




3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'







3(P)3MT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H

M



2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




M;&4]



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M



T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY396-O;F0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



R!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$






G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



P
#`P



M



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$








G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M/3-$






G!X.W!A





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

L

T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C













M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


L



M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M






M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]





M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^
S



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@







SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^

T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXQ+#

'!T.SX\9F]N












M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^
3
Q+C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXQ-S@N



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


'!T.SX\9F]N




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]









G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M;CMH96EG:'0Z


T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A

M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M;CMH96EG:'0Z


T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T




M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M;CMH96EG:'0Z


T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A

M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M;CMH96EG:'0Z


T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M;W`Z

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




G!X.R!R





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B






3!P=#L^+C(Q




M;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M969T.C




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



G!X





M9RUT;W`Z




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X


3!P=#L^


M





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE



M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P


M93HQ

T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\






M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C$N






G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O
F4Z
3!P
M=#L^)B


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O
F4Z
3!P
M=#L^)B


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B





G!X.R!R;W=S




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M:'0Z





38P.SPO








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

2!C






'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ

L

M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE












M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


L
C`Y+C(\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

2!C;VQS





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M





3!P=#L^

M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE










3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^



M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXR
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B







B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








3!P


M93HQ




6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXW.2XP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

V

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


M93HQ






G!X






M




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C


M=#HR


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


M93HQ






G!X






M


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



T1F;VYT+69A



T1F



M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



M





38P.SPO9F]N





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


38P.SPO9F]N






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

3!P


M93HQ

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M







M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M






3X\





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


C
\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$



M





38P.SPO9F]N




M/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





2!C;VQS
















T1F;VYT





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


T1F

'!T.SXN-#D\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\









3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R
M/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.C$R


M93TS1'=I9'1H.C

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]





@


M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-#-F9#5A-3A?
V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P
M

O4VAE970T
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7



]



M
C@L(#(P
3


]
T1T

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@5F%L=6%T:6]N(&%N9!1=6%L:69Y:6YG($%C
3I4:6UE<R!.




T0P(&-E



T0T
M

T0Q



T0Q)2!R



T0Y)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C



2!C;VQS



#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



P
#`P



M:'0Z



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


T1V97)T


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B






#`P

G!X.W!A

M


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XH
M

T1V97)T:6-A


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




M


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B





#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I



#`P
M





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL



M:'0Z


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q








G!X


M














M;&4]


3!P=#L^


M

T1V97)T:6-A














38P









M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






3X\9&EV






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M/3-$






'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-RXV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[






3X\





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D








T1F;VYT




M/3-$



M


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT


M;F1E9!-87D@,2P@,C`Q,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ






M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#L^*#$N
M


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





M:'0Z





38P.SPO







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M;CMH96EG:'0Z


T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD



3!P=#L^)B








38P

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&]V97)F;&]W.FAI9&1E;CMH96EG:'0Z





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1O=F5R
F4Z
3!P=#L^
M)B


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^4F5S97)V92!F;W(@;V)S;VQE=&4@:6YV96YT;W)Y.CPO


B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M




B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M



G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^



M





38P.SPO9F]N




M/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





2!C;VQS






3!P=#L^*#`N
M

'!T.SX\9F]N




M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXH





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O









M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT




M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXH



M;VTZ







G!X


3!P=#L^


M


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT





M/3-$


M;VTZ



M/3-$






M



'!T.SXF(S$V








M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M;W1T;VTZ






M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
F4Z
M
3!P=#L^)B

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B


T0S

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




3!P=#L^)B


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M
F4Z
M
3!P=#L^)B

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D
F4Z
3!P=#L^)B


T0S

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




3!P=#L^)B





3!P


M93HQ


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A







M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





G!X.W!A9&1I

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





2!C


'!T.SX\9F]N







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;VTZ
















M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


'!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^1FES8V%L('EE
M87(@96YD960@07!R:6P@
CDL(#(P
3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N





M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXW+C@\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z














2P@
C`Q
M


B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXY,2XU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^








G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\








3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C
M.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q
M
CLF(S@R
3([)B
X
C$R.R8C.#(Q


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ
3I4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[(&9O


M86QI9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






M:&5I9VAT.C$R





M834X7S-E
31?-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
30T9F)C
#`Q






]

T1)1#!%
U9!


@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I

]

CDL
M(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#`Q



]

]
T1N


]






\+W1D


]

97-S964@0F%L86YC92!3:&5E=P@07-S971S(&)Y($UA:F]R($-L
M87-S+!!8V-U;75L871E9!$97!R96-I871I;VX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]
T1N=6T^*#
N




T1T;W`^26YT



]




]
T1N=6UP/C
N


]
M

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$T




C`N



]

]
T1N=6UP/C@P+CD\






]
T1N=6UP/C(N


]


]

]




]






]




]




T1T


M






]
T1N=6UP/CDV

]

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@




M=!I9#TS1$E$,$5(3T%)/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]

]

CDL(#(P
M



#$R


]
T1T:#Y!

C`Q


CDL(#(P



#$S/&)R/D)U:6QD
M:6YG(&%N9!=6EL9&EN9R!);7!R;W9E;65N='


#$S/&)R/D)U:6QD:6YG(&%N9!=6EL9&EN9R!);7!R
M;W9E;65N='


#$S/&)R/DUA






C@L(#(P
3



CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^0V]M


C`Q



#$S/&)R

]





M
C@L(#(P
3

M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`R.P@
C`Q



M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`R.2P@
C`Q














]






]
T1T

]
T1T
M97AT/C


M87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ

]





]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PV

]
T1T


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]





3QS


3`N



]

]
M




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T
V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U
M865?.#-A-5\P9C$T-&9B8S`P



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W


]

C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^0W5S=&]M





@86YD($QE

M='

MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`R.P@
C`Q


M='


C`Q

M/&)R/E!A=&5N='




C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^36%X:6UU;2!;365M

M='


M86QI9VX]

















]


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XR
B!Y96%R






]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
3
N

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S
N


]


]


]


]


]


L

]
T1N=6UP/C
U+C8\













M/E1R861E;6%R:W

]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C8N


]


]


]


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\T
V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U865?.#-A-5\P9C$T-&9B8S`P
3$O




]




3$


]

]
T1T:#Y397`N(#








XP,4\


]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
C0N


]


]




M1&YU;7`^


]









]



]
T1R




:6YE


]
M



]

]



]



T1T;W`^06-Q=6ER960@26YD969I;FET92UL:79E

M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T
V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U865?.#-A-5\P9C$T-&9B
M8S`P






M26X@36EL;&EO;G

C`Q
M

]

3$




]

]
T1P

]

M

]

]
T1N=6UP

]




38N


M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='



]



]
T1N=6UP/C$P



V4Q-%\T
M-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P

O4VAE970U





M;'-P86X]


T0Q/C

^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D

R!-
M;VYT:'


]

2P@
C`Q


#$S/&)R/E!O

]
T1T






]
T1T:#Y!







C`Q



M;BX@
CDL(#(P



]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C@N
CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]
M

]
M

]
M


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]
















]







]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@P+C(I/'-P


\+W1D/@T*

]


]


]


]







]


]


]


]




]
T1T97AT/CQS

]















2XP


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T
V9D-6$U
M.%\S93$T7S0U865?.#-A-5\P9C$T-&9B8S`P




M97%U:78]


]



M9SY$15))5D%4259%4R!&24Y!3D-)04P@24Y35%)5345.5%











M871I=F4L($-O;&QA=&5R86PL(%)I9VAT('1O(%)E8VQA:6T@0V%S:#PO=&0^


]



]


]





L


]



T1T;W`^1V%I;B!O


]


]
T1N=6T^*#$W

M;7`^-3$N


M9VX]

;W-S*3PO

]



T1T;W`^1V%I;G
@*$QO





M9W


]

;W-S97

6EN9R!#87-H



]





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]


]

]
T1P

I('1O





]


V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P
#$Q#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S0S9F0U834X7S-E
31?-#5A
M95\X
V$U7S!F
30T9F)C
#`Q



M:G


M9#TS1$E$



M5D53($9)3D%.0TE!3!)3E-44E5-14Y44R!&86ER(%9A;'5E(A$971A:6QS

@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P


M9VX]


]
T1T

]

@07-S

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-SD\


:6%B







T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!
:6%B:6QI='DL($9A


]



]

]





BXS/'-P86X^

3@N.3QS

]

34N



]


]









@3&EA




T1T;W`^

@




L($9A:7(@5F%L


]


]

]






]





]

]
T1P



]
T1N=6UP




]
T1N=6UP




]


]

]



]
T1N




]
M



]




T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!
:6%B:6QI='DL($9A:7(@5F%L


3(N

]
T1P






M1&5R:79A=&EV97

]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C`N



]

]
T1T97AT


T1T


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

@07-S970\+W1D

]


]

V4Q
M-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P
#$Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S0S9F0U834X7S-E
31?-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
30T9F)C
#`Q
M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V



2!R


@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^

M:65S96PL(&EN($=A;&QO;G




:6YE($ET








]

]


]


L

M
BPY-C`L



L($]T:&5R(%5N



]



T1T;W`^






]







C4L

M(%9O;'5M97
L($]T:&5R(%5N:71S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S





]

M+#0T

]

S(P+#`P


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3&5A;B!(;V=S
M+!I;B!0;W5N9'

]


]




M97



]



]


]




\



]















]
M


]
T1N=6UP/CDS-2PP




]









M
T1T;W`^36EN:6UU;2!.;W1I;VYA;!6;VQU;65S+!-87-S/]T9#X-B`@


]


]

]
M



]
T1N=6UP/C(W






]
T1R93X-


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#`S


]

]
M
T1N=6UP/CDL


]
M



]


]


]

30T+#`P
#QS

]




]










]

]
T1T

]


]


31?-#5A95\X
V$U
M7S!F
30T9F)C
#`Q






]




SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H



]


2P@
C`Q

]
T1P


]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C8N

]






]


]



]

]


]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C4S+C$\

M





]


]


]

]


]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C



M

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^1W)A:6X@0V]N=')A8W1S(%M-96UB97)=('P@0V]S=!O9B!386QE






;W-S*2!2



]


M1&YU;7`^


]

;W-S*2!;365M8F5R73PO










M
3


M(%-A;&5S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X






]



]
T1N=6UP/C
R+C



T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!);G-T



]




I(%M
:6YE($ET


;W-S*2P@169F

]
M





]


L






]



@5&5S=&EN9RP@3F5T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D



]


]



T1T;W`^/'-T

;W-S*2!;3&EN

]
T1T


M



]






]







]



T1T;W`^1&5R:79A



M9VX]



;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T
V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U865?.#-A-5\P9C$T
M-&9B8S`P



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO


M04P@24Y35%)5345.5%
@*$=A:6YS*2!
;W-S97


^
3(@

C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`R.2P@
C`Q



]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@



]


]


]


]


]



]

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$R+C@I/'-P86X^/]S

2XY/'-P




31?-#5A95\X
M
V$U7S!F
30T9F)C
#`Q






]





^
3(@

C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`R.2P@
C`Q



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@





M871I=F4@26YS=')U;65N='

I(%)E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M-#8N


]

]
M





M;G1S+!'86EN(A




]


]


]



]

]


]


]


]
T1N






]



M;G1S+!'86EN(A


]




]


;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T
V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U865?.#-A-5\P9C$T
M-&9B8S`P



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO


M=F4@*$1E=&%I;'


T0Q/C
@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

3(@36]N=&AS($5N

M

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^55-$

]

M+`R,#$R/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^07!R+B`R.P@
C`Q


#$S/&)R/DUI;FEM=6T@6TUE

]
M

&%C.RD\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^

C`Q
M

C!A8SLI/&)R/CPO
























]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@





]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT





RXW-#QS


T1T;W`^
M16YT:71Y)W

M97-T;65N='





@;VX@17%U:71Y($UE


]


]










M1&YU;7`^-S8N















31?-#5A
M95\X
V$U7S!F
30T9F)C
#`Q






]

T1)1#!%2EI!13X-B`@(`@(#QT



]
T1T:#Y-87D@
#$L(#(P
3$\


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@-3






]



T1T;W`^/'-T



M1&YU;7`^







]


]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
M26YV97-T;65N='

]


]
T1T


M


@6TQI;F4@271E


]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T
V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U
M865?.#-A-5\P9C$T-&9B8S`P



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W



C@L(#(P
3


#$R/&)R/D554B`H)B-X
C!A8SLI/&)R
#(P86









]

[(#8N


]
M

[(#DN





]





31?
M-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
30T9F)C
#`Q





]

T1)1#!%03%!13X-B`@(`@


]
M

C`Q



M

M=&UE;G1S(%M













]
T1T

]
T1T

]

]

]
T1N=6T^*#$W

]



]


]











3


T1T;W`^

]
M


M9VX]


@6TQI;F4@


]

]

]
T1T





31?-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
30T9F)C
#`Q
0T*



]

M:60]



^
3(@

C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`R.2P@
C`Q



]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@


]



]




M+#0S




]
T1N=6UP/C4X



T1T;W`^17%U


]






M86QI9VX]


\





]
T1N=6UP/CDT




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\T
V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U865?.#-A-5\P9C$T-&9B8S`P
3$O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]



]



S


]


]
T1R



]


N
SQS

]

]
M

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D]T:&5R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$





M-3A?
V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P
#$Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S0S9F0U834X7S-E
31?-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
30T
M9F)C
#`Q



^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5%2D)'

M/3-$




#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]





W+C





]
T1R

]
M



#(R(%M-







T1T;W`^5&]T86P@9&5B=#PO=&0^



30L($EN8VQU
M9&EN9R!$:7-C;W5N='


]


]





T1T;W`^

]
T1N=6UP/C
U




]




]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86P@9&5B=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C




]



T1T;W`^/'-T




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C4P



T1T;W`^4V5N:6]R(%5N

M2G5N92`R
#$S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$








]



]
T1N=6UP/C$V


]

]
T1R












]


]




]
T1N=6UP




]
M


M9VX]



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T
V9D-6$U
M.%\S93$T7S0U865?.#-A-5\P9C$T-&9B8S`P




M97%U:78]


]





]
T1T:#Y!


CDL(#(P




#$T



#$U

XV/'-P86X^/]S










T1T;W`^5&]T86P@9&5B


M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-#-F9#5A-3A?
V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S
M835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P

O4VAE970V-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



C(@


]


]
T1T:#Y!





]

]
M


T1T;W`^1&5B



M86QI9VX]

M:69E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ


M-3A?
V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P
#$Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S0S9F0U834X7S-E
31?-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
30T
M9F)C
#`Q


^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5%54-)

M/3-$



R!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

SXQ
B!-;VYT
M:'


]


]

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^










]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@





]
T1N=6UP/B0@






C`Q

















]
T1N=6UP/C4R








N



]


30L
M($EN8VQU9&EN9R!$:7-C;W5N='


]


]


]












]


]


]





]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C8X+C








3$\



C`Q


]


]


]


















]

#$S









]


]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^17AT:6YG
M=6ES:&UE;G0@;V8@1&5B=P@06UO=6YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L








C`Q
2!496YD97(@3V9F97(@6TUE

M92!*=6QY(#(P
30L($EN8VQU9&EN9R!$:7-C;W5N='


]


]


]





]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


3(@5&5N9&5R($]F9F5R(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@










]


]


]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^17AT:6YG=6ES:&UE;G0@;V8@1&5B=P@


]


C`Q

















]


]


]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^17AT:6YG=6ES:&UE;G0@;V8@
M1&5B=P@06UO=6YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\





]
T1T

]


]


]


]


]


]










]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$S














M
V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U865?.#-A-5\P9C$T-&9B8S`P

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4









T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@


]
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#(X+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`S


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#

C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`R.2P@
C`Q


S`L(#(P
3$\8G(^04)

]
T1T:#Y!

]
T1T:#Y*86XN(#


]


M:71Y(%M












#`\


M(#DR-2PP
#`L




]
M

]
M


#`L




]



]


]


]


]


]




3(P








C`L-S`P+#`P
M



BPU
#`L


2PR
#`L


:6YE(&]F($-R961I












]
T1N=6UP














]




















#`L
#`P


M
2PS
#`L



3$L
3`P+#`P


]






]
T1N=6UP/C8T+#DP




]


]


]


]

]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/CDY+#@P











]



S`P+#`P











]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T
V9D-6$U.%\S93$T
M7S0U865?.#-A-5\P9C$T-&9B8S`P



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13



@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G
L





]

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
BPT-SDN






]


]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5B=!)














T1T;W`^4F%B;V)A;FL@5&5R;2!
;V%N(%M-96UB97)=










]
T1N=6UP/B0@



2`R,#$X(AF:7-C86P@








C`Q
SQS


M-3A?
V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P
#$Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S0S9F0U834X7S-E
31?-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
30T
M9F)C
#`Q


^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5$44%%

M/3-$


M97
@*$1E=&%I;'


M(&-O;'-P86X]


]

]
M






@;W(@4FEG:'1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$





]





]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#`P+#`P


]


]


]

]


]





M9R!!;6]U;G0@;V8@17%U:71Y($-O;7!O;F5N=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


#`L

]
T1T97AT


T1T

]
T1R93X-

\+W1D

]


31?-#5A
M95\X
V$U7S!F
30T9F)C
#`Q






]

T1)1#!%2S)!13X-B`@(`@(#QT



]

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^


]
M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#(N



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;!
96%S97
L($9U


]





C8N






]


]
T1N=6UP/C4R



@





]

]


]


]


M1&YU;7`^










]



T1T;W`^4VUI=&AF:65L






MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T
V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U
M865?.#-A-5\P9C$T-&9B8S`P


T0G


^#0H@(`@(`\


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R



#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/C(P

]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C(T+C

M/3-$=&]P/C(P




T1T


M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T
V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U865?.#-A-5\P
M9C$T-&9B8S`P

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O



14%312!/0DQ)1T%424].
M4RP@0T]-34E4345.5%
@04Y$($=505)!3E1%15
@4V-H961U;&4@;V8@2&]G



#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@







#$T


#$U

R-2XX/'-P86X^

#$V

2XW/'-P86X^

#$W



]

V4Q
M-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P
#$Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S0S9F0U834X7S-E
31?-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
30T9F)C
#`Q
M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V



2!R




^


C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M07!R+B`R.2P@
C`Q


]




]



]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@









T1T;W`^1F]R96EG;CPO


]




]
T1N=6T^*#4N



]
T1R974^




V4Q-%\T
M-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P
#$Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+S0S9F0U834X7S-E
31?-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
30T9F)C
#`Q
2]7


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5524%%/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S





SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

]


M
2P@
C`Q

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M1F5D97)A;!I;F-O;64@=&%X97


]
T1N=6UP/C



T1T;W`^





]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^1F]R96EG;B!I;F-O;64@=&%X97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]


]
T1N=6T^*#$N



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^56YR96UI='1E9!E


]
T1N
M=6UP/C`N





]
T1N=6T^
M*#`N

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T(&-H86YG92!I;B!V86QU871I;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E/]T


]







2XW







M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+C0P)2D\



]
T1N=6UP/C
R+C


V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
M
&8Q-#1F8F
P
#$Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S0S
M9F0U834X7S-E
31?-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
30T9F)C
#`Q


M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



CX\

I(A54T0@
M)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
#$L(#(P
M











]
T1N=6UP/C$R






@17AP


RXU*3QS


]

@=&AA=!7;W5L9!);7!A


30N




M-3A?
V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P

O4VAE
M970W-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQS=')O










T1T;W`^5&%X(&-R
M961I='




T1T;W`^06-C

M
S(N

]





]

]
T1N=6UP/C0P.2XT/'-P



M/3-$;G5M/B@T





T1T;W`^



3
T+C




]

]


]
T1R;SX-


T1T

M


]

]


2XV/'-P86X^


V9D-6$U.%\S
M93$T7S0U865?.#-A-5\P9C$T-&9B8S`P

M;G0]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]


M4VAE970@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G
L('5N;&5S

C`Q








]



'0O:'1M;#L@


]



T0Q/CPO


#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R





]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S
N-CQS

]


]






M97

]





@4F5S=6QT:6YG(&9R;VT@
M4V5T=&QE;65N='


]





87!S92!O



]


V4Q-%\T
M-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P
#$Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+S0S9F0U834X7S-E
31?-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
30T9F)C
#`Q
2]7


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5914%%/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S


M4$Q!3E


]

CDL(#(P








L($%M;W5N
M='


M





]


]


]




BPP-30L
M



@26YC;'5D



















M-2PP
#`L


RPY
#`L

MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T
V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U
M865?.#-A-5\P9C$T-&9B8S`P




T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@
M)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
#$L(#(P
M



]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

]




T1T;W`^

]
T1N










CDN



T1T;W`^3W1H97(\

]






]
T1N=6UP/C$L



]



]


]





















]



T1T;W`^0F5N969I
M='

]
T1N=6T^*#
N




]










]


T1T;W`^0F5N969I='



]
T1R;SX-

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$L





]
T1N=6UP/C$S
2XU

M








M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#`N



31?-#5A95\X
V$U
M7S!F
30T9F)C
#`Q






]


04Y3(%-C
M:&5D=6QE(&]F($-O;7!O;F5N='
@;V8@06-C=6UU;&%T960@3W1H97(@0V]M

I(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I/&)R

C@L(#(P
M
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`R.2P@
M
C`Q

]










V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F
M8F
P
#$Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S0S9F0U834X
M7S-E
31?-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
30T9F)C
#`Q




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\




M/E!%3E-)3TX@04Y$($]42$52(%)%5$E214U%3E0@4$Q!3E
@4V-H961U;&4@




]


C`Q



M9VX]

M=7)E(%M



]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@



T1T;W`^



]




]


RXU

M



]
T1N=6UP/B0@.38N

]


31?-#5A
M95\X
V$U7S!F
30T9F)C
#`Q






]

T1)1#!%3$I!0SX-B`@(`@(#QT

M04Y3(%-C:&5D=65L(&]F(%=E:6=H=&5D($%V97)A9V4@07-S=6UP=&EO;G
@
M*$1E=&%I;'


]
T1T:#Y!


CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$






]
M




]



]







M-3A?
V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P

O4VAE









3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M



]








]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
2PP
C


]



]



]

M;BP@5&%R9V5T(%!L86X@07-S970@06QL;V-A=&EO;G
@4F%N9V4@36EN:6UU


]
T1R




M9VX]

]

M:65S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\




]
T1T

]


]



]


]


]

M;7`^-#$Q+C











]
T1R93X-B`@(`@




]





]

]





]




T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET

]
T1N=6UP/C(P+C`P)3QS


T1T;W`^


V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U865?.#-A-5\P
M9C$T-&9B8S`P






]
M







]

]
T1N


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/C(P


]

]
T1N=6UP/C@V

M=&]P/C(P


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3(P

M9F0U834X7S-E
31?-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
30T9F)C
#`Q





]

T1)1#!%
M

M4B!2151)4D5-14Y4(%!
04Y3(%-C:&5D=6QE(&]F($-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G
@

]

MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`R.P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO















]
M

]
M

]





]


]







]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/C$N

]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V5N=')A;!096YS:6]N($9U;F0@




]






M97)T:69I960@6F]N92!3=&%T=7




]
M


M9VX]

]
T1T97AT/C
V-C`U
C
Y


]


]








]

M;B!0;&%N(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X





]



T1T;W`^375L


]



]






#
Q





M4&QA;BP@4&5R:6]D($-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G

V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S
M835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P
#$Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+S0S9F0U834X7S-E
31?-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
30T9F)C
#`Q


M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$5!
T%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M

M=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G



M
T0R/C$@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@

C
@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`R.2P@
C`Q

]
T1T:#Y*=6XN(#

C@L(#(P
M
3


]












]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]


]












]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P


]


]


]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C$Y



]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@

]
M


]


M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T,V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U865?
M.#-A-5\P9C$T-&9B8S`P,3$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO-#-F9#5A-3A?
V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P

M:&5E='

T0G=&5X


^#0H@(`@(`\='(^


]
M


CDL(#(P


@;V8@4W1O8VL@6TQI;F4@271E


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#`P+#`P
#QS


M9VX]






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T
M
V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U865?.#-A-5\P9C$T-&9B8S`P
3$O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]




SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@


]


2P@
C`Q


]


]





]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#4X





]
T1N=6UP

30P+#8P


]


]



M(%M








M86QI9VX]


L($=R








@:6X@4&5R:6]D+!4;W1A;!);G1R:6YS:6
@5F%L=64\

]



T1T;W`^16UP












]












]
T1N=6UP/C
N



M=&EO;G


]
T1N=6UP/C$U+C(\




]


]


]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@





M/3-$;G5M/B@U-C0L-#


]

]
M



M($EN8V5N=&EV92!#;VUP96YS871I;VX@4&QA;B!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@















:6YE($ET96US



]
T1T



]



]

C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

T1T;W`^26YC96YT:79E($-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!0











]




]
T1N=6UP/C`N














M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-#-F9#5A-3A?
V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P
M

O4VAE970Y
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]






3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

3X\+W1H



]




]





M=71S=&%N9&EN9RP@3G5M8F5R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

]

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@









L
M($]U='-T86YD:6YG+!);G1R:6YS:6,@5F%L=64\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]
T1N=6UP/B0@




M($]P=&EO;G


]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@













]

]
T1P







]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
3DN.#








M;65N='

M17AP:7)A=&EO;G
@:6X@4&5R:6]D+!796EG:'1E9!!=F5R86=E($5X97)C




2PV
C$L
M




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C





]



]

@5F%L

]








]





M9VX]
T1T;W`^26YC96YT:79E($-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!0;&%N(%M-96UB97)=







]

M=')U;65N='

2PR
3(L-38W/'-P

M+#`P

]

]
T1N=6UP/CDR

]




]

]
M



M9F0U834X7S-E
31?-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
30T9F)C
#`Q





]

T1)1#!%

M860@5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I/&)R/DEN($UI;&QI


2!-;VYT:'

M
2P@

]


]



]





T1T;W`^3W!T:6]N
M($EN9&5X960@=&\@27-S=65R)W



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3W!T:6]N($EN
M9&5X960@=&\@27-S=65R)W,@17%U:71Y+!3=')I:V4@4')I8V4\+W1D/@T*


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M.#@N

]




]



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T
V9D-6$U.%\S
M93$T7S0U865?.#-A-5\P9C$T-&9B8S`P




M:78]

]
M



]











]





T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K+!3:&%R97,@2&5L9!I

M-3A?
V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P

O4VAE
M970Y-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQS=')O




#$S

]
T1R



]


]
T1N=6T^*#0P
M

]



]



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T
M
V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U865?.#-A-5\P9C$T-&9B8S`P
3$O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]



]

CDL(#(P
3(\



]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^



M+C


]
T1N=6UP


M9VX]


M1&YU;7`^
3(N


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%S:!3=7)R96YD97(@5F%L=64L($9A:7(@5F%L=64@




C$N


]



]

:6%B:6QI='DL($9A:7(@5F%L=64@1&ES8VQO






]
T1N=6UP/CDN



]



]

:6%B:6QI



]

]
T1P






]





M


]




]






]
T1R


L($QE

]
T1T97AT

]

@86YD($QI86)I;&ET:65S

M(%M



]

]
M





#QS


]



]



]

:6%B:6QI='DL($9A:7(@5F%L=64@1&ES8VQO








M='
L($QE=F5L(#

]
M

]

@86YD($QI86)I






M86QI9VX]




]

]
M






#QS

]


:6%B



]





]


]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@



]
T1T


]

2P@
C`Q


]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PQ
#4N

]



]


]
T1N
M=6UP/C(N


M9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L




2!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT









]



]


]


]
T1R93X-

]


]


]


]



]


]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C0Q+C
\








]

]


]



]


]



@

L($QE=F5L(#$@6TUE;6)E

]




M969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M
:6YE($ET96US73PO


\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]



]








M=&]P/D1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!0;&%N+!&86ER(%9A;'5E(&]F(%!L86X@





]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]






]



]
T1T97AT


T1T



\

]



T1T;W`^4')E9F5R






]
T1T


M
T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL($9A:7(@5F%L=64@;V8@4&QA












]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

M='
L($5X8VQU9&EN9R!5;G-E='1L960@5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@





M9FEN960@0F5N969I=!0;&%N+!&86ER(%9A;'5E(&]F(%!L86X@07-S971S



]





]


]











M1&YU;7`^
C
N


]


B!;365M






]
M


]











M/3-$=&]P/D1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!0;&%N+!&86ER(%9A;'5E(&]F(%!L



]


]



M:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M








979E;`Q(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-




]

]


]



]


]



]

B!;




]


]



]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]






]







]




]



M




]


]



B!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@





]



]
T1N




]

]


]


]


]



]








M=&]P/D1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!0;&%N+!&86ER(%9A;'5E(&]F(%!L86X@


]


]








M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!0;&%N+!&86ER(%9A;'5E

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]




M


]

L($QE=F5L(#


]



M4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M















M/3-$=&]P/D1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!0;&%N+!&86ER(%9A;'5E(&]F(%!L



XX/'-P86X^/]S



















M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!0;&%N+!&86ER(%9A;'5E(&]F



]
T1R:#X-









]



T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET

L($5X8VQU9&EN9R!5
M;G-E='1L960@5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R:71I97
L($EN9'5S=')I86QS(%M-






]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

M='
L($5X8VQU9&EN9R!5;G-E='1L960@5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@




]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@






]








]



M4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M








]


]


]




]







]










M/D1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!0;&%N+!&86ER(%9A;'5E(&]F(%!L86X@07-S









]



]
M




979E


]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]



]



]


]


]

]
M








]
T1N=6UP


]








]



T1T;W`^1&5F

L









]


]




979E;`S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@




]

]


]



]

]
M

]








]



T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE

L($5X
M8VQU9&EN9R!5;G-E='1L960@5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



S`N



979E


]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]



]



]

M+!,979E;`R(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$






]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL($9A:7(@5F%L=64@

L($5X8VQU9&EN9R!5;G-E='1L960@5')A;G-A8W1I

BXX/'-P86X^

S`N
3QS


T1T;W`^



]


]


]


]

]
T1T

]

]


]


]






]


L($1O








M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!0;&%N+!&86ER(%9A;'5E



]
T1R


M86QU92P@26YP=71S+!,979E;`R(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@






]


T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL

L($5X8VQU9&EN9R!5;G-E='1L
M960@5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M


M1&YU;7`^

M86QI9VX]


L($QE=F5L(#
@6TUE;6)E

]




M969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M
:6YE($ET96US73PO


\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@





]









]



]
M





]

]


]


]


]

M:6






]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL($9A:7(@5F%L=64@;V8@

L($5X8VQU9&EN9R!5;G-E='1L960@5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS




T1T;W`^375T=6%L($9U
M;F1S+!86QA;F-E9!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S










RXT/'-P




T1T




M


]



]



M;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M


]
T1N
M=6UP/C






]


]


]



]
M





]


]



]





]


3$N


T1T;W`^1FEX960@26YC;VUE($9U;F1S(%M-96UB97)=




]


T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE

L($5X8VQU9&EN
M9R!5;G-E='1L960@5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L




T1T;W`^1FEX960@26YC;VUE($9U;F1S(%M-96UB97)=('P@








]



T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET

L($5X8VQU9&EN9R!5
M;G-E='1L960@5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]






]








]



T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE

L($5X
M8VQU9&EN9R!5;G-E='1L960@5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



2!;365M






]
M


]





]
T1R

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]








M=&]P/D1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!0;&%N+!&86ER(%9A;'5E(&]F(%!L86X@





]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@











38N
CQS


]







M;7`^


]




38N


]











]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]






]
T1N=6UP/C






M;G!U='


]

M86QI9VX]

M;&]S=7)E(%M








M92P@26YP=71S+!,979E;`R(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D






]


T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL($9A

L($5X8VQU9&EN9R!5;G-E='1L960@






]


T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE

L($5X8VQU9&EN
M9R!5;G-E='1L960@5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L




T1T;W`^55


]




M9SY$969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M
:6YE($ET96US










]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C$S


]









]



T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET

L($5X8VQU9&EN9R!5
M;G-E='1L960@5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



M86QI9VX]

]


]


]




]




]


]



]




]





B!;365M8F5R73PO




]
T1R;SX-




]






]



T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!

L($5X8VQU
M9&EN9R!5;G-E='1L960@5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D






M96YT($9U;F1S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$






]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL($9A:7(@5F%L=64@

L($5X8VQU9&EN9R!5;G-E='1L960@5')A;G-A8W1I

2XR/'-P86X^




T1T;W`^1&EV




M


]



]


]


]



]
M





]

]


]


]


]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]






]


]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C0N-SQS


]



]


]


]


]

]
T1T

]



]



M4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M







]
M




M86QU92P@26YP=71S+!,979E;`Q(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@






]


T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL

L($5X8VQU9&EN9R!5;G-E='1L
M960@5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

M;7`^


M



]


]

]
T1P



]
T1N=6UP/C$N
M


]



]


]


]

]
M

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]




M

M;7`^



M86QU92P@26YP=71S+!,979E;`Q(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@






]


T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL

L($5X8VQU9&EN9R!5;G-E='1L
M960@5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

M;7`^


M


B!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT









]


]
T1N=6UP




L($QE=F5L(#


]



M:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M











M=!I9#TS1$E$,$595T%'/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]


T0R/C$R


]

CDL(#(P












]


]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C0Q+C
\







]


T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L

L($5X8VQU9&EN9R!5;G-E
M='1L960@5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$





L($QE=F5L(#


]



M:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M








]


T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL($%C='5A



]




]
T1R

M;65N='

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@P+C(I









]



]
M











]




]


S

]
M





]
T1N=6UP/C(N

]
T1T

]


]






]


]



M;F%N8VEA;!3=&%T96UE;G0@0V%P=&EO;G,@6TQI;F4@271E;7-=/]S=')O




]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPT-SDN


M
V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P
#$Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S0S9F0U834X7S-E
31?-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
30T9F)C
M
#`Q




]




C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^07!R+B`R.2P@
C`Q


]




]







]










M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

31?-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
M
30T9F)C
#`Q







#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

]


]


]




]





]
T1T

]
T1T

]






M1&YU;7`^













]
M



]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@








]



M;F-E(%-E='1L96UE;G0@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO
M;G



]
T1T:#Y-87D@
#$L(#(P
3$\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#`Q+`R,#$Q
M/&)R/E!A=')I8VL@0W5D86AY+!);F


M=&@^36%Y(#`R+`R,#$P/&)R/E!A=')I8VL@0W5D86AY+!);F




]
T1T

]
T1T



]
T1N=6UP/C$R


]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-#-F9#5A-3A?
V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F
M8F
P

O4VAE970Q
#


^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5+1T%#

M/3-$


M87)R871I=F4@*$1E=&%I;'


T0Q/C
@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^2&]G(%!R;V1U


0R!;365M

]
T1N=6UP/C@U
RPP












V4Q-%\T
M-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P

O4VAE970Q
#0N:'1M








M5$E.1R!314=-14Y44R!396=M96YT(%)E=F5N=65S(&)Y(%!R;V1U8W0@*$1E
M=&%I;'

]



CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^



]



M;7`^





]

]
T1N=6UP/C$P


#`N
#`E/'-P86X^

3`P+C`P

]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$P
XP,4\

M
#`N

M1&YU;7`^

]
T1P



]



#`E










M


]


]



T1T;W`^4F5V96YU92P@











]



T1T;W`^17AT97)N
M86P@2&]G(%-A;&5S(%M-96UB97)=('P@2&]G(%!R;V1U8W1I;VX@4V5G;65N









]
T1R

]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^4F5V96YU












M+R\O0SHO-#-F9#5A-3A?
V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P
#$Q+U=O

O4VAE970Q


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$51-$9+/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S




T0X/C
@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D

^
3(@

C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2F%N+B`R-RP@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`R.2P@
C`Q
CQB

#$R

S`L(#(P
M
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
M
C`Q


#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L













M+#
R





Q

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3
L
#DT+C
\

M(#$R+#(P














]
T1R;SX-

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#$X



]


]


]


]


]



M9VX]


]







]


]
T1N=6UP/C$W



]



]


]


]


T1T;W`^26YV97-T;65N='
\





]
T1N=6UP
M/C4R







]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]




]

]
T1N=6T^*#
W+C$I/'-P

S`N


S8N



]
T1R93X-

]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#4N-2D\



M9VX]

M97-T;65N='

]


]


]


]



]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C8S




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86P@87-S971S/]T9#X-





]


]



T1T;W`^26YV97-T;65N='

















M




]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C
L





]


]


]


]



]

]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$S
2XX/'-P

3(T














M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@P+C0I










M;G5M/B@Q
3DN






]
T1N=6UP/C(L

BPR.3DN
CQS
















]















\+W1D/@T*

]


]


]


]



T1T
M;W`^26YT97)S96=M96YT('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S










]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C




]


]


]


]





]


]


]


]



]










#@N



T1T
M;W`^5&]T86P@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M








]


]



2PY
#(N


]

]
T1N=6UP/C4Q

]
M
T1N=6UP/C4P




]



]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M


]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]





















]




]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS





]
T1N

]


M9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M






















M;G5M/B@R

M/3-$;G5M/B@Q


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#$P





]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C$L






















]
T1N=6UP/B0@

M-3A?
V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P

O4VAE
M970Q

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$531T%'/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@





@;W1H97)W


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\


#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R






]



T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I;&PL($]T:&5R
M($-H86YG97

]
T1T

]


]





S$N.#QS

]










M(%M

M1&YU;7`^
3




]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
M1V]O9'=I;&PL($]T:&5R($-H86YG97






M;VYG/D=O;V1W:6QL(%M


M;7`^

]
T1T

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I;&PL($]T:&5R($-H86YG97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]







]




M:&EC($%R96$@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G
L('5N


]

C`Q


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^

C@L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`R.2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R

C`Q
M

M

]
T1T:#Y-87D@
M
#$L(#(P



R


RXS/'-P86X^




Q
BXV/'-P86X^



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3
L
#DT+C



;VYG+6QI=F5D


]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP
M/C0L






C
N


]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@

]


]


]


]


]


]



]




]


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#8V





BXY




M
BPY-CDN

]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/C
L
#



BPY


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YT97)N871I;VYA;!;


;VYG


]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^4V%L97


]


]


]


]

2PS


]


]
M

]
M


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PQ-30N



M-3A?
V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P
#$Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S0S9F0U834X7S-E
31?-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
30T
M9F)C
#`Q




]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO


M871I;VX@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G
L('5N;&5S



]
T1T:#Y-87D@
#$L(#(P




]




M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$T.2XV*3QS

M
C(S+C



]

]


M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-#-F9#5A-3A?
V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
M
&8Q-#1F8F
P

O4VAE970Q
#DN:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M




62!215-5
M3%13($]&($]015)!5$E/3E


M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]
T0X/C
@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@

^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^2F%N+B`R-RP@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`R.2P@
C`Q



S`L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^

M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#`Q+`R
#$Q/&)R/CPO





RPR
C$N




]
T1N=6UP/C(X
2XT/'-P

S(X




]


Q.2XW/'-P86X^

2PU-#DN

]


]


S8N

3





C(T


N




]


]
T1N=6UP


]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S8Q+C
\

M(#4R

]



]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@













M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T,V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U865?.#-A
M-5\P9C$T-&9B8S`P,3$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M-#-F9#5A-3A?
V4Q-%\T-6%E7S@S835?
&8Q-#1F8F
P

M='
O4VAE970Q

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$5#0T)'/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M

62!215-53%13($]&($]015)!5$E/3E
@*%5.



]

]


]

CDL(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`S

]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#

C@L(#(P
3
\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`R.2P@
C`Q
CQB

C`Q



M87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q

@

M+B`R.2P@
C`Q




S`L(#(P
M


]


CDL(#(P




@;VX@



]






]

]
T1N=6UP/C


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP
M/C
N

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]







]



















X



M9F0U834X7S-E
31?-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
30T9F)C
#`Q

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4



M14])04





]


M86QI9VX]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@




]
M




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T
V9D-6$U
M.%\S93$T7S0U865?.#-A-5\P9C$T-&9B8S`P

M=#$Q
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O





]







]



]


#`L
#`P/'-P




@

C`L
#`P+#`P


]







M87)T7S0S9F0U834X7S-E
31?-#5A95\X
V$U7S!F
30T9F)C
#`Q
0T*0V]N




249924Y'($%#0T]53E13(%-C:&5D=6QE(&]F(%9A;'5A=&EO

]

]
T1T

MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`R.P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO

]
T1T:#Y-87D@
#(L(#(P
3`\8G(^


M;W(@1&]U8G1F=6P@06-C;W5N='


]


]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
M5F%L=6%T:6]N($%L;&]W86YC97



]



]

]



]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@P+C



]
T1R;SX-


]




]


]

]
M

]


]



T1T;W`^5F%L=6%T:6]N
M($%L;&]W86YC97








]
T1N=6T^*#`N




]
T1N=6T^*#



]


]


















T1T;W`^5F%L=6%T
M:6]N($%L;&]W86YC97

]

M

]
T1N


M9VX]
T1T;W`^5F%L=6%T:6]N($%L;&]W86YC97


]


T1T;W`^5F%L=6%T:6]N($%L;&]W86YC97
@






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\T
V9D-6$U.%\S93$T7S0U865?.#-A-5\P9C$T-&9B8S`P
3$O5V]R


M;D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1(N+B]7;W)K8F]O:RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#`R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P
RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T
3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#$T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970Q.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3DN:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T,C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(S+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#(V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-RYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970S,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S$N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,S0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,U
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S
M.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#`N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970T
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M-#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0T+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#0W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T.YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970U
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3(N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970U-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4V+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#4Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V
YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970V
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C0N:'1M

T0B4VAE970V.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z


M
T0B4VAE970W-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-S8N

M/3-$(E-H965T-SDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@P
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970X,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#@S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970X
M-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#4N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970X-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M.#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@Y+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Y,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#DR+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Y,RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DU+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE

T0B4VAE970Q
#$N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3`S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970Q,#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P
M-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3`V+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q

T0B4VAE970Q
3`N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_EstimatedTotalCapitalExpenditures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveAcceleratedDepreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWriteDown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeveranceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinesses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillWrittenOffRelatedToSaleOfBusinessUnit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPercentageOfOwnershipBeforeTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_SaleOfStockJointVenturePartnerOwnershipBeforeTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherInventorySupplies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_GrainsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_FreshAndPackagedMeatsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_LivestockInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLossArisingDuringPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeReclassificationOfDefinedBenefitPlansNetGainLossRecognizedInNetPeriodicBenefitCostBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentOnDerivativesIncludedInNetIncomeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_GainLossOnInvoluntaryConversionOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeCollateralRightToReclaimCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeCollateralObligationToReturnCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_CreditExposureOnNonExchangeTradedDerivativeContractsExcludingEffectsOfNettingArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainOnDiscontinuationOfCashFlowHedgeDueToForecastedTransactionProbableOfNotOccurring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCumulativeChangesInNetGainLossFromCashFlowHedgesEffectNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_TaxOnDeferredGainsLossesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_GainsLossesOnDerivativeContractsRepresentingDifferencesBetweenSpotAndFuturesPricesWhichAreExcludedFromAssessmentOfEffectivenessAndRecordedDirectlyIntoEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_GainsLossesRecognizedOnClosedCommodityDerivativeContractsAsUnderlyingCashTransactionsAffectedEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowHedgeGainLossToBeReclassifiedWithinTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_CashFlowHedgeGainLossToBeReclassifiedWithinTwelveMonthsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsThatWillBeAmortizedFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossInNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanAverageRateOfReturnOnPlanAssetsOverFiveYearPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNumberOfSharesOfEquitySecuritiesIssuedByEmployerAndRelatedPartiesIncludedInPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountOfEmployerAndRelatedPartySecuritiesIncludedInPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanMinimumFundedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEstimatedFutureEmployerContributionsInNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarningsOfForeignSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsInterestOnIncomeTaxesAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsInterestOnIncomeTaxesExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantChangeInUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIsReasonablyPossibleAmountOfUnrecordedBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfPurchasePriceAllocationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowElementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowSupplementalDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_BreedingSowsNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MarketHogsNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ProductionOfLiveHogRequirementsPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPercentageOfOwnershipBeforeTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasedAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesLesseeBalanceSheetAssetsByMajorClassAccumulatedDeprecation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_EstimatdAmortizationOfIntangibleAssetsNextFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DebtInstrumentDiscountPercentageAtIssuance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebtNetOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DebtIssuanceCostsLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyBalancesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ScheduleOfClassificationOfDeferredTaxesOnBalanceSheetTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAllocationOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMultiemployerPlansTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_AccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_AccruedCustomerIncentives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedInsuranceCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsCapitalizedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualEstimatedFutureCompensationCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualEstimatedFutureCompensationCostsPeriodOfRecognition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MergerAgreementPerSharePriceOfCompanysCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsInStatementOfFinancialPositionFairValueTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNotionalAmountsOfOutstandingDerivativePositionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsGainLossInStatementOfFinancialPerformanceTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNotionalAmountsOfOutstandingDerivativePositionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsGainLossInStatementOfFinancialPerformanceTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNotionalAmountsOfOutstandingDerivativePositionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsGainLossInStatementOfFinancialPerformanceTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ProceedsFromInsuranceSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_GainLossOnInvoluntaryConversionOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_BusinessInterruptionLossesAllocationOfInsuranceProceeds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromInsuranceSettlementInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationEquityInEarningsLossesOfUnconsolidatedSubsidiary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCredits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAdjustmentToGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsAndJointVenturesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_PurchaseOfStockForTrust'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestDecreaseFromDistributionsToNoncontrollingInterestHolders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_PurchaseOfStockForTrust'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_PurchaseOfStockForTrust'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedTrademarks'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_IndefiniteLivedPermits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_RevenueProductCategoryPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_RevenueProductCategoryPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_RevenueProductCategoryPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_RevenueProductCategoryPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_RevenueProductCategoryPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_RevenueProductCategoryPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_RevenueProductCategoryPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_RevenueProductCategoryPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_RevenueProductCategoryPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_RevenueProductCategoryPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_RevenueProductCategoryPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanNetAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MergerAgreementPerSharePriceOfCompanysCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MergerAgreementCompanysNormalTerminationFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MergerAgreementQualifiedPreExistingBidderTerminationFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MergerAgreementCounterpartyTerminationFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ExtinguishmentOfDebtReacquisitionPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ExtinguishmentOfDebtReacquisitionPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ExtinguishmentOfDebtReacquisitionPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ExtinguishmentOfDebtReacquisitionPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ExtinguishmentOfDebtReacquisitionPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_EqutiyMethodInvestmentMarketValuePerShareInEuros'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_EquityMethodInvestmentCarryingValuePerShareInEuros'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_LeaseObligationsCommitmentsAndGuaranteeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_LeaseObligationsCommitmentsAndGuaranteesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DebtInsturmentPrepaymentTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCovenantDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromTransactionsWithOtherOperatingSegmentsOfSameEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromTransactionsWithOtherOperatingSegmentsOfSameEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromTransactionsWithOtherOperatingSegmentsOfSameEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromTransactionsWithOtherOperatingSegmentsOfSameEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_RegulationAndContingenciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_RegulationAndContingenciesDislcosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationGrossProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationNetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationNoncurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentAdditionalInformation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentAdditionalInformation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentAdditionalInformation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'

