

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-14-003847
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20131231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20141118
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20141118
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SMOKY MARKET FOODS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001370544
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAUSAGE
 OTHER PREPARED MEAT PRODUCTS  [2013]
		IRS NUMBER:				204748589
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52158
		FILM NUMBER:		141232708
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		804 ESTATES DR. #100
		CITY:			APTOS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95003
		BUSINESS PHONE:		866-851-7787
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		804 ESTATES DR. #100
		CITY:			APTOS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95003









     






UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K



    
ANNUAL
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 2013

    
    

    
TRANSITION
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM _________ TO
    _________


Commission
file number: 000-52158

SMOKY
MARKET FOODS
 INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    
    
    

(State
                                         or other jurisdiction
of
        incorporation or organization)
    
(IRS
                                         Employer
Identification
        No.)


1511
E. 2nd St.
Webster
City
 IA 50595
(Address
of principal executive offices
 including zip code)

Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code: (515) 724-7976

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Shares
 par value $.001

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
YES
[&nbsp;&nbsp;] NO [X]

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
YES
[&nbsp;&nbsp;] NO [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
YES
[&nbsp;&nbsp;] NO [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
YES
[&nbsp;&nbsp;] NO [X]

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller
reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one):



[&nbsp;&nbsp;]
    Large Accelerated filer
[&nbsp;&nbsp;]
    Accelerated filer

    
    

[
                                         &nbsp;] Non-accelerated filer
(Do
        not check if a smaller reporting company)
[X] Smaller reporting
    company


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act): YES [&nbsp; ] NO [X]

The
aggregate market value of approximately 129
070
650 shares held by nonaffiliates of the registrant on June 30
 2014
 based upon
the average bid and asked price of the common shares on the OTC Bulletin Board of $0.02 per share on June 30
 2014
 was approximately
$2
581
413. Common Shares held by each officer and director and by each other person who may be deemed to be an affiliate of the
registrant have been excluded.

As
of November 15
 2014
 the registrant had 191
233
345 common shares outstanding.

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE







    
    


Table
of Contents



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Item 5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

Item
6. Selected Financial Data
    

Item
7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
    

    
    

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
    

    
    

Item
9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
    

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures
    

Item
9B. Other Information
    

    
    

    
    

Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

Item
11. Executive Compensation
    

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
    

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
    

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
    




    
    


FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (this &ldquo;Report&rdquo;) contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of
the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;)
 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;). Such statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;likely
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo;
or similar words. These statements relate to our
 and
 in some cases
 our clients&rsquo; or business partners&rsquo; future plans
objectives
 expectations
 intentions and financial performance and the assumptions that underlie these statements. All forward-looking
statements included in this Report are made as of the date hereof
 based on information available to us as of such date
 and we
assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. It is important to note that such statements may not prove to be
accurate and that our actual results and future events will differ
 and could differ materially
 from those anticipated in such
statements. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations are those described under
&ldquo;Item 1A. Risk Factors.&rdquo; You are also encouraged to review our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) describing other factors that may affect our future results. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking
statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this section and other
factors included elsewhere in this Report.

PART
I

Item
1. Business.



Organization
&amp; Business Model

We
are a Nevada corporation incorporated in April 2006
 with our principal office at 1511 E. 2nd Street
 Webster City
 Iowa 50595.
Our telephone number is (515) 724-7976. We own proprietary wood-burning oven technology and process technique
 which produces
artisan quality of &ldquo;Smoke-BakedTM&rdquo; fish and meat that we believe to be superior in flavor
 purity and nutritional
wholesomeness to all &ldquo;value-added&rdquo; smoked food products currently being produced by commercial smoked food processors.

We
are a development stage company
 with the intent to procure capital to execute our branded marketing business plan. Having encountered
financial and operational difficulties and failures relating to the consumer trends and economics of our specialized industry
segment
 we have generated very minimal revenue to date from wholesale and retail distribution of our product. However
 we have
enhanced our business model through creation of strategic operating and financial affiliations
 and we intend to grow our revenue
in 2015.

We
plan to sell our line of smoked foods principally under the Smoky Market brand through multiple channels wholesale and retail
distribution that include sales to food distributors
 direct to commercial end-users and grocery retailers
 and certain of our
products will be sold retail over the Internet. We expect to also produce a certain amount of product for private label distribution.

Additionally
in the foreseeable future we intend to produce certified kosher smoked foods and to distribute this line of products under our
&ldquo;Smoky Kosher&rdquo; brand through mostly the same distribution channels. In the future
 when our earnings grow
 we intend
to develop a national chain of fast-casual
 gourmet smoked food restaurants under the name &ldquo;SmokeChefTM&rdquo; that we believe
would be an innovative concept of franchise operation within the restaurant industry.


    
    


Market
Opportunity

Within
the value-added
 prepared food marketplace
 we see a significant lack of artisan smoked fish and meat products that are truly
wholesome
 naturally wood-smoked by burning wood
 and free of additives and chemical preservatives. We believe this specialized
marketplace to be virtually untapped and without any major smoked food brand comparable in quality. We believe our two packaged
food brand concepts
 &ldquo;Smoky Market&rdquo; and &ldquo;Smoky Kosher&rdquo;
 will enable us to penetrate national markets for
sales to wholesale and retail customers in the value-added packaged food sector. We believe our business model to be a niche market
opportunity to produce and distribute artisan quality smoked foods
 at competitive prices
 within a highly processed
 commercial
prepared food marketplace.

Food
Production &amp; Distribution

Proprietary
Wood-burning Oven Technology &amp; Process Technique

Our
custom-engineered
 wood-burning oven delicately Smoke-Bakes fish and meat with naturally moist smoke-heat
 which is produced by
the burning of freshly-cut hickory and without the use of curing or brining process
 or injection of other forms of additives
and chemical preservatives. Our products include fish
 beef
 pork
 poultry and lamb that are fully cooked and vacuum-packaged
for convenience
 freshness and ease of preparation by foodservice operators and home consumers alike.

By
contrast


 as these ovens use smoke generators that smolder hickory sawdust to create smoke. The fish and meat are smoked while
being cooked by gas or electric heat with added moisture
 and high concentrations of water
 sodium
 sugar
 and various forms of
additives and preservatives (brining &amp; curing solutions) are used in the process.

In
July 2011
 we entered into a Purchase and Lease Agreement (the &ldquo;Sale/Lease Agreement&rdquo;) with SMKY Asset Fund LLC (the
&ldquo;Lessor&rdquo;) related to our smoker-oven system. Pursuant to the Sale/Lease Agreement
 we sold the smoker-oven system
to the Lessor for a purchase price equal of $240
000 (the &ldquo;Sale Price&rdquo;). In addition
 we are required to issue to
Lessor a warrant to purchase a share of common stock for each $1.00 of the Lease Price. The warrants have an exercise price of
$0.50 per share
 a five-year term and include net exercise provisions. We leased back the smoker-oven system for rent equal to
$0.20 per pound of product produced using the smoker-oven up to a maximum annual return of 30% on the sum of the Sale Price ($240
000)
or $72
000. The Sale/Lease Agreement has a 10-year term and includes a provision that we must repurchase the smoker-oven system
at any time after July 25
 2014 providing that the market price for our common stock has exceeded $0.50 for thirty trading days.
The repurchase price is a number of shares of common stock with a fair market value equal to 20 times the Sale Price
 plus $5
000.

On
July 1
 2014
 Smoky Market Foods
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) entered into a Business Development License Agreement (the
&ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) with Mary Ann&rsquo;s Specialty Foods
 Inc. (&ldquo;Mary Ann&rsquo;s&rdquo;). Pursuant to the terms of
the Agreement
 the Company granted to Mary Ann&rsquo;s (a) an exclusive right to develop
 manufacture
 label
 package
 store
and distribute
 under the Company&rsquo;s trademarks and trade names (the &ldquo;Marks&rdquo;)
 the Company&rsquo;s meat and fish
products
 and to process orders and collect sales; and (b) a non-exclusive
 non-transferable license to the Marks. Mary Ann&rsquo;s
also agreed to (a) generate sales for the Company&rsquo;s products
 with the billing of such sales to be invoiced and proceeds
collected solely by Mary Ann&rsquo;s; and (b) provide a minimum of $650
000 of financing for inventory and receivables for the
Company to be able to grow sales of its products. Mary Ann&rsquo;s will retain a portion of sales proceeds as compensation for
its processing (cost of raw product
 materials
 labor &amp; profit)
 financing and brokerage services
 and remit the remaining
proceeds to the Company
 which represent the Company&rsquo;s margin of gross profit. As additional consideration
 the Company
agreed to issue to Mary Ann&rsquo;s and its designees 5
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. The Agreement has
a one-year term
 which will renew automatically each year for an additional period of one year unless either party provides written
notice of non-renewal.


    
    


USDA-Inspected
Meat Production and Availability of Raw Materials

We
presently outsource
 and for the foreseeable future
 expect to continue to outsource
 our commercial smoked food processing to
Mary Ann&rsquo;s Specialty Foods (&ldquo;Specialty Foods&rdquo;). Specialty Foods is a USDA-approved contract food processing
company located in Webster City
 Iowa and operates a 70
000 square foot processing facility
 which sits on 15 acres of family-owned
land
 and is expected to be responsible for our food production and distribution requirements. In order to establish production
capability and complete the development of our smoked food products
 we entered into an Amended and Restated Processing Agreement
dated July 1
 2006 with Specialty Foods
 which agreement was further modified by a Second Amended and Restated Processing Agreement
dated October 30
 2009.

Pursuant
to the processing agreement
 Specialty Foods has agreed to process the smoked meats for our business in return for a processing
fee based on its actual costs of production
 labor costs
 packaging materials costs
 allocated overhead costs
 and a set amount
of profit based on the amount of packaged products produced. We agreed that Specialty Foods would be our exclusive processor for
meat products
 subject to certain limitations. The agreement is based upon a single oven capable of producing at least 100
000
pounds of smoked meat and/or fish per month or more depending upon the production item mix
 and we have the option to construct
an addition building adjacent to Specialty Foods&rsquo; processing facility to install additional smoker-oven systems. The term
of the agreement is ten years from October 30
 2009
 with an option to extend the agreement for three additional 10-year periods
(subject to early termination in the event of default).

With
respect to meat
 fish and other raw materials used to make our products
 we require that all of our raw beef
 pork
 lamb and poultry
be raised without growth hormones
 steroids and antibiotics
 and our salmon is farmed naturally in &ldquo;open-pen&rdquo; ocean
waters. Market prices for meat
 fish and other food items are subject to constant fluctuation and frequent shortages of item availability
which we expect to mitigate through economies-of-scale from increased production.

Kosher
Line

We
have created the Smoky Kosher brand for production and marketing of a line of fully-certified kosher smoked foods
 which will
be distributed wholesale to commercial end-users and grocery retailers
 and retail to consumers over the Internet. To produce
our kosher line
 we intend to affiliate with an established USDA processor of kosher foods and install an oven for contract production
in principally the same manner as we are doing with Specialty Foods.

Co-Pack
Production 

We
plan to use co-packing affiliates to produce a selection of specialty gourmet items
 including one-dish meals of smoked meat/fish
pasta
 casseroles
 quiches
 and soup. We have not entered into agreements with any co-packing facilities
 but have entered into
discussions with several and believe that suitable arrangements can be reached when we are ready to commence such operations.
Our plan is to cause Specialty Foods to bulk-ship smoked meat and fish ingredients to the co-packers. There
 the various menu
items will be packaged
 and shipped to our planned regional distribution centers.


    
    


Process
&amp; Price Value

Our
wood-smoking process is expensive. Costs include obtaining freshly cut timber
 labor associated with the smoking process
 and
having to absorb a 25% to 30% cook shrinkage loss in the process. Consequently
 Smoky Market brand smoked foods cost more to produce
and have higher price points than many competing smoked food products. However
 the existence of a market for higher-priced organic
foods and other prepared foods that are advertised as 100% natural
 low-sodium and/or free of additives suggests that customers
will pay more for products they know to be of premium quality
 especially prepared foods that are nutritionally wholesome
 tasty
and convenient. Based upon our review of the nutritional labels of our competitors
 we believe that the absence of any preservatives
brining solutions
 liquid smoke and similar additives in Smoky Market brand smoked meats foods distinguishes our product from
smoked meat products currently on the market.

Smoked
Food Products

Below
is our line of smoked foods that we expect to produce and market under the Smoky Market brand
 with certain of these items intended
to also be produced and sold under our Smoky Kosher brand
 and featured in our SmokeChef restaurant concept.

Our
line of wood-smoked foods presently includes the following:

Entr&eacute;e
Items



    
    
Pork
    Loin Baby Back Ribs

    
    
    

    
    
Pork Country-Style
    Ribs &amp; Loin Chops 

    
    
    

    
    
Beef Spare Ribs
    

    
    
    

    
    
Carved Boneless
    Chicken Breast

    
    
    

    
    
Cornish Game Hen
    

    
    
    

    
    
Turkey Breast
    Thigh &amp; Leg 

    
    
    

    
    
Rack Of Lamb &amp;
    Lamb Chops 

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Salmon &amp; other
    fish


Sliced
(Sliced
 pulled or cut from the bone and packaged in portion servings for sandwiches
 or to
add to salads
 tacos
 casseroles &amp; soups)



    
    
Beef
    Sirloin Tri-Tip &amp; Brisket


    
    
    

    
    
Pork Loin &amp;
    Shoulder Roast


    
    
    

    
    
Carved Chicken
    Strips


    
    
    

    
    
    



Side
Order Foods



    
    
Hickory
    Smoke-BakedTM Beans


    
    
    

    
    
Creamy-Garlic
    Coleslaw Dressing &amp; Veggie Dip


    
    
    

    
    
Southern-Style
    Barbecue Dipping Sauce




    
    


Marketing
&amp; Operations

We
have completed a re-branding design of the Smoky Market logo
 which depicts a more contemporary
 gourmet quality appeal to the
brand image. Our website
 at 
 while now only featuring general product and company information
 is
expected to become live for on-line ordering of certain of our smoked foods for both our wholesale and retail customers in January
2015.

We
believe the achievement of approximately 30% usage of our existing smoker-oven&rsquo;s production capacity will enable us to attain
a positive cash flow and we plan to market our Smoke-Baked salmon as our primary introductory product to demonstrate our brand
quality given what we perceive to be the uniqueness of this product in the smoked fish marketplace. Entering 2015
 we plan to
produce other meat and poultry items to extend our line of distribution. Since we are producing &ldquo;portion-packaged&rdquo;
product for commercial end-users
 we can very easily and efficiently integrate precise packaging into the distribution of our
foods through wholesale channels for grocery retail sales and for direct consumer sales over the Internet.

Strategic
Development Agreement

On
July 1
 2014 we entered into a Business Development License Agreement (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) with Specialty Foods. Pursuant
to the terms of the Agreement
 we granted Specialty Foods (a) an exclusive right to develop
 manufacture
 label
 package
 store
and distribute
 under the Company&rsquo;s trademarks and trade names (the &ldquo;Marks&rdquo;)
 the Company&rsquo;s meat and fish
products
 and to process orders and collect sales; and (b) a non-exclusive
 non-transferable license to the Marks. Specialty Foods
also agreed to (a) generate sales for our products
 with the billing of such sales to be invoiced and proceeds collected solely
by Specialty Foods; and (b) provide a minimum of $650
000 of financing for inventory and receivables for the Company to be able
to grow sales of our products. Specialty Foods will retain a portion of sales proceeds as compensation for its processing (cost
of raw product
 materials
 labor &amp; profit)
 financing and brokerage services
 and remit the remaining proceeds to us
 which
represents our margin of gross profit. As additional consideration
 we agreed to issue to Specialty Foods and its designees 5
000
000
shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. The Agreement has a one-year term
 which will renew automatically each year for an
additional period of one year unless either party provides written notice of non-renewal.

Specialty
Foods has begun to produce and sell product under the terms of the Agreement and we expect sales of our smoked foods to grow through
the efforts of Specialty Foods&rsquo; marketing organization as they introduce our smoked salmon to their existing customers.

Regional
Sales &amp; Fulfillment Operations

In
addition to sales of our products to be generated through the efforts of Specialty Foods under our development agreement
 we intend
to establish regional sales and fulfillment operations that will enable us to have dedicated sales agents in concentrated market
areas that only sell Smoky Market brand products. These regional operations will be a combination of company-operated facilities
and facilities that are operated under contract with an established food sales organization. We have determined that the greatest
level and speed of national market penetration of our brand lines can be achieved by directly selling to commercial end-users
and that our most competitive pricing structure can be realized by shipping wholesale product orders for next-day ground delivery
by UPS from these regional facilities. We expect this sales and distribution model to be considerably cost-efficient and the most
effective application for our capital and human resource.

In
connection with our development agreement with Specialty Foods and the capital they are providing for inventory and receivable
financing
 and with additional capital we intend to raise
 we plan to begin our direct selling and fulfillment operations in January
2015 from our facility in Webster City
 IA
 which will enable sales and provide next-day ground delivery to commercial end-users
and grocery retailers within a surrounding territory of seven Mid-West states. Additionally
 we are currently negotiating with
food sales contractors for regional facility operations in the Pacific Northeast
 central California
 Florida and the Northeast.
We foresee the success of our regionalized sales and fulfillment platform becoming a viable revenue- and income-generating model
that may be duplicated for continued entrepreneurial market launch operations in regional territories across the country.


    
    



General
Information

Intellectual
Property

We
own the recipes for substantially all of our products
 certain registered and unregistered trademarks and tradenames
 including
Smoky Market&reg;
 Smoke-Baked&trade;
 Smoky Kosher&trade;
 and SmokeChef&trade;
 along with design features related to the ovens
used for smoking our products. We have not registered any patents
 but we expect to be able to secure certain patent rights for
the diffusing system attached to our smoker-oven from the firebox.

On
July 1
 2014
 Smoky Market Foods
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) entered into a Business Development License Agreement (the
&ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) with Mary Ann&rsquo;s Specialty Foods
 Inc. (&ldquo;Mary Ann&rsquo;s&rdquo;). Pursuant to the terms of
the Agreement
 the Company granted to Mary Ann&rsquo;s (a) an exclusive right to develop
 manufacture
 label
 package
 store
and distribute
 under the Company&rsquo;s trademarks and trade names (the &ldquo;Marks&rdquo;)
 the Company&rsquo;s meat and fish
products
 and to process orders and collect sales; and (b) a non-exclusive
 non-transferable license to the Marks.

Government
Regulation 

As
a distributor of food products and planned restaurant operator
 we are subject to regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
or FDA
 the U.S. Department of Agriculture
 or USDA
 and to licensing and regulation by state and local health
 sanitation
 building
zoning
 safety
 fire and other authorities. In addition
 the operations of our food processor are subject to regulation under
the Federal Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act
 the Federal Meat Inspection Act
 the Poultry Products Inspection Act
 the Perishable
Agricultural Commodities Act
 the Nutrition Labeling and Education Act of 1990
 and the rules issued under these laws. The FDA
regulates standards of identity for specified foods and prescribes the format and content of information on food product labels.
The USDA imposes standards for product quality and sanitation including the inspection
 labeling and compliance of meat and poultry
products and the grading and commercial acceptance of shipments from our suppliers.

Costs
of compliance with such laws and regulations are presently insignificant. If we or our food processor were to be found to be out
of compliance with such laws
 particularly those related to the production
 labeling and handling of food
 we could be subject
to significant fines and forced to discontinue our operations until all material violations were addressed. Were our relationship
with our food processor to terminate
 we would have to find another USDA-approved meat processor or qualify as such ourselves.
There are a limited number of USDA-approved meat processors and barriers to entry are significant (with an estimated start-up
cost of not less than $2 million dollars and required time of at least one year for qualification).


    
    


Environmental
Laws

We
are not required to obtain any environmental permits and do not use any hazardous materials in connection with the operation of
our business. Accordingly
 we have not incurred
 and do not expect to incur
 any material expenses associated with environmental
compliance.



In
the retail packaged food segment
 we expect our competitors will include the hundreds of established companies selling their smoked
foods over the Internet and in supermarkets. Our food will compete on the basis of price
 flavor
 healthfulness and brand recognition.
We believe that our food will compete favorable with competing products in terms of flavor and healthfulness. With respect to
price
 we expect our prices to be competitive with those of specialty stores and Internet sellers
 but slightly above that of
major retail chains that sell typical smoked meats with high concentrations of sodium
 sugar and additives. Many of our competitors
will have stronger brand recognition than we do.

Research
and Development 

We
do not have any historical research and development expenses. We plan to add products to our lines as our business develops and
expect that research
 developing and testing of new or improved recipes and products will be an ongoing part of our business.



We
currently have two paid full-time employees that include Edward Feintech
 our CEO and a controller
 and three paid part-time people
who are officers including Shane Campbell
 CPA
 our Chief Financial Officer
 Dennis Harrison
 PhD
 our Chief Information Officer
and Marli Craig
 our Secretary
 who provide services on a part-time basis as consultants for which they are paid in cash and/or
stock.

We
believe the execution of our business plan set forth above will require the hiring of approximately 30 to 50 people over the next
three years to staff our corporate and field management team. The actual number of employees we will hire in the next 12 months
depends upon our success in obtaining capital and how rapidly we can expand our operations.

Item
1A. Risk Factors.

Investing
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below
 and all of the other
information set forth in this prospectus before deciding to invest in shares of our common stock. In addition to historical information
the information in this prospectus contains forward-looking statements about our future business and performance. Our actual operating
results and financial performance may be different from what we expect as of the date of this prospectus. The risks described
in this prospectus represent the risks that management has identified and determined to be material to our company. Additional
risks and uncertainties not currently known to us
 or that we currently deem to be immaterial
 may also materially harm our business
operations and financial condition. 

We
have generated only a nominal amount of revenue and may be unable to generate significant revenue in the future. 

We
were incorporated in April 2006 and remain in the process of commencing sustainable revenue-generating operations. As a result
we have generated only a nominal amount of revenue
 and all of our plans are speculative. We may be unable to generate or expand
revenue at the rate anticipated. If we do not generate significant revenue in the future
 or if costs of expansion and operation
exceed revenues
 we will not be profitable. We may be unable to execute our business plan
 generate significant revenue or be
profitable.



    
    


The inexperience of our key management
 and
our limited operating history and evolving business plan
 make it difficult to evaluate our performance and forecast our future.

Our
key management individuals have experience in the restaurant industry
 but have limited or no experience in internet retailing
establishing a national food service business (directly or through franchise arrangements) or operating a reporting issuer. Our
limited operating history and limited experience make it difficult to evaluate our ability to generate revenues
 manage growth
obtain necessary capital
 manage costs
 create profits
 and generate cash from operations. Specifically
 our ability to do the
following may be impaired:



    
    
implement
    our business plan (which may be based upon faulty assumptions and expectations arising from our limited experience);

    
    
    

    
    
obtain capital
    necessary to continue operations and implement our business plan; 

    
    
    

    
    
comply with SEC
    rules and regulations and manage market expectations; 

    
    
    

    
    
differentiate
    ourselves from our competitors; and

    
    
    

    
    
establish a significant
    retail and restaurant customer base. 


If
we fail to successfully manage these risks
 we may never expand our business or become profitable and our business may fail.

We
will be unable to implement our business plan if we cannot raise sufficient capital and may be required to pay a high price for
capital. 

As
of December 31
 2013
 we had $1
128 in cash and cash equivalents. We need to obtain a significant amount of additional capital
to implement our business plan and meet our financial obligations as they become due. We may not be able to raise the additional
capital needed or may be required to pay a high price for capital. Factors affecting the availability and price of capital may
include the following:



    
    
the
    availability and cost of capital generally;

    
    
    

    
    
our financial
    results
 including our liquidity situation;

    
    
    

    
    
the market price
    of our common stock;

    
    
    

    
    
the experience
    and reputation of our management team;

    
    
    

    
    
market interest
    or lack of interest
 in our industry and business plan;

    
    
    

    
    
the trading volume
    of
 and volatility in
 the market for our common stock;

    
    
    

    
    
our ongoing success
    or failure
 in executing our business plan; 

    
    
    

    
    
the amount of
    our capital needs; and

    
    
    

    
    
the amount of
    debt
 options
 warrants and convertible securities we have outstanding.


We
may be unable to meet our current or future obligations or to adequately exploit existing or future opportunities if we cannot
raise sufficient capital. If we are unable to obtain capital for an extended period of time
 we may be forced to discontinue operations.

Our
auditors have included an explanatory paragraph in our financial statements regarding our status as a going concern.

Our
audited financial statements included in this prospectus were prepared on the assumption that we will continue as a going concern.
Our independent registered public accounting firm has stated that it substantially doubts our ability to continue as a going concern
in a report dated October 30
 2014. This doubt is based on the fact that we have had minimal revenues
 have had negative working
capital at December 31
 2012 and 2013
 have incurred recurring losses and recurring negative cash flow from operating activities
and have an accumulated deficit.


    
    


The
packaged food market is competitive
 and we may be unable to successfully capture retail customers.

The
market for packaged meat products
 and competing packaged products
 is highly competitive. We propose to sell packaged meat products
over the Internet and at retail locations. We may be unable to differentiate ourselves in the marketplace and compete successfully
against existing or future competitors of our business. In order to succeed
 we will be required to take customers away from established
smoked meat and fish brands and alternative food products sold over the Internet or at retail stores. Our retail products will
be sold at higher prices than some of our competitor&rsquo;s products
 and consumers may not differentiate the quality of our
products or may not be willing to pay higher prices. If we fail to establish customers for our packaged food business
 it is unlikely
that we will generate significant revenue or become profitable
 and in the long run our business will likely fail.

The
risk of product contamination and recall may harm our public image and result in decreased revenues and harm to our business.


There
is a risk that our food processor could produce contaminated meat or other products that we would ship or serve at our restaurant-markets
or kiosks. If such an event occurs
 we may be required to recall our products from retail stores
 affiliate warehouses and from
the restaurant outlets being served. A product recall would increase costs
 result in lost revenues and harm our public relations
image
 in addition to exposing us to liability for any personal injury resulting from such contamination.

The
availability of raw meat
 fish and other food products may change without notice
 and the fluctuating cost of these products may
unexpectedly increase our operating costs and harm our business.

The
costs of obtaining the meat
 fish and other food products required for our products are subject to constant fluctuations and frequent
shortages of item availability. Adequate supplies of raw meat
 fish and other food products may not always be available
 and the
price of raw meat
 fish and other food products may rise unexpectedly
 resulting in increased operating costs
 potential interruptions
in our supply chain
 and harm to our business.

Adverse
publicity regarding fish
 poultry or beef could negatively impact our business.

Our
business can be adversely affected by reports regarding mad cow disease
 Asian bird flu
 meat contamination within the U.S. generally
or food contamination generally. In addition
 concerns regarding hormones
 steroids and antibiotics may cause consumers to reduce
or avoid consumption of fish
 poultry
 or beef. Any reduction in consumption of fish
 poultry
 or beef by consumers
 would harm
our revenues
 financial condition and results of operations.

Our
supply chain may be subject to shipping losses
 various accidents
 or spoilage
 which would decrease revenues and potentially
lead to a loss of customers. 

We
have contracted with a food processor that will be responsible for shipping our processed products
 restaurant-stores or consumers
to distribution centers or marketing affiliates. Shipping losses
 various accidents and product spoilage during this process may
lead to decreased sales
 potentially disgruntled commercial customers and possible shortages at our distribution centers and retail
locations. Repeated or extensive problems of this nature would harm our reputation and revenues.


    
    


We
may lose our processor affiliation or experience a breakdown in our single processing oven system
 substantially harming our ability
to generate revenues until another processor is located.

We
are completely dependent upon Mary Ann&rsquo;s Specialty Foods
 Inc.
 and upon a single oven-system located at their facility
to produce our smoked foods in order to operate the business and generate revenue. If our oven system breaks down
 becomes contaminated
or is removed from Specialty Foods&rsquo; facility
 we would experience an interruption in our ability to supply products to customers.
This would harm our relationships with our customers and Internet affiliates
 and harm our revenues in the short run. Any long-term
interruptions in our ability to produce smoked foods would significantly limit our ability to continue operations.

We
have entered into a sale/leaseback transaction with respect to our smoker-oven
 which creates risk of loss if we default and may
inhibit our cash flow. 

In
July 2011
 we entered into a Purchase and Lease Agreement with SMKY Asset Fund LLC
 or the Lessor
 related to our smoker-oven
system. Pursuant to this Purchase and Lease Agreement we sold the smoker-oven system to the Lessor and are required to pay rent
equal of $0.20 per pound of product produced using the smoker-oven up to a maximum amount of annual rent equal to a 30% return
on the sum of the purchase price and $5
000. This rent will diminish our cash flow as we begin to generate revenue
 and there
is some risk that we may default under the lease and forfeit any right to use the smoker-ovens
 which is the foundation of our
business.

We
cannot repurchase the smoker-oven system until the first date after July 25
 2014 that the market price of our common stock has
remained at $0.50 for thirty trading days. The repurchase price is a number of shares of common stock with a fair market value
equal to 20 times the sum of the purchase price ($240
000) 
 plus (b) $5
000. If our market price does not exceed $0.50 for thirty
trading days we will be unable to repurchase our smoker-oven system (and will be required to continue to pay rent). Any repurchase
of the smoker-oven system will be dilutive to our shareholders.

We
are dependent upon key personnel to manage business and the loss of such personnel could significantly impair our ability to implement
our business plan.

We
are highly dependent upon the efforts of management
 particularly Edward C. Feintech
 our Chairman
 President and Chief Executive
Officer. The number of qualified managers in the smoked-food industry is limited. As our business grows
 we will need to recruit
executive and regional managers who are capable of implementing our business plan. The e-commerce and restaurant industries are
highly competitive
 and we may be unable to attract qualified management personnel. If we are unsuccessful in retaining or attracting
such employees
 our ability to grow and service capacity will be harmed.

Labor
disputes affecting common carriers and foodservice distributors may hamper our ability to deliver our product to customers and
harm our business.

We
will be dependent upon UPS and other package delivery contractors and foodservice distributors to ship internet orders to customers
and products to our foodservice concept outlets. Labor disputes involving package delivery contractors
 or other events creating
delays
 unpredictability or lost increases in the express delivery market may significantly damage our shipping and delivery capability.
This would increase our costs
 likely cause us to fail to comply with delivery commitments to our customers
 and eventually harm
our ability to generate revenues.


    
    


Our
business may be affected by increased compensation and benefits costs.

We
expect labor costs to be a significant expense for our business. We may be negatively affected by increases in workers&rsquo;
wages and costs associated with providing benefits
 particularly healthcare costs. Such increases can occur unexpectedly and without
regard to our efforts to limit them. If such increases occur
 we may be unable to pass them along to the consumer through product
price increases
 resulting in decreased operating results.

Changes
in general economic and political conditions affect consumer spending and may harm our revenues and operating results. 

Our
country&rsquo;s economic condition affects our customers&rsquo; levels of discretionary spending. A decrease in discretionary
spending due to a recession or decreases in consumer confidence in the economy could affect the frequency with which our customers
choose to purchase smoked-foods or dine out or the amount they spend on smoked-food or meals while dining out. This would likely
decrease our revenues and operating results.

Compliance
with existing and new regulations of corporate governance and public disclosure may result in additional expenses.

Compliance
with changing laws
 regulations
 and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure
 including the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 and other SEC regulations
 requires large amounts of management attention and external resources. This may result
in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities
to compliance activities.

Our
directors
 executive officers and principal stockholders have effective control of the company
 preventing non-affiliate stockholders
from significantly influencing our direction and future.

Our
directors
 officers
of our outstanding shares
of common stock and are expected to continue to control a significant percentage of our outstanding common stock following any
financing transactions projected for the foreseeable future. These directors
 officers
 5% stockholders and affiliates effectively
control all matters requiring approval by the stockholders
 including any determination with respect to the acquisition or disposition
of assets
 future issuances of securities
 declarations of dividends and the election of directors. This concentration of ownership
may also delay
 defer
 or prevent a change in control and otherwise prevent stockholders other than our affiliates from influencing
our direction and future.

There
is a public market for our stock
 but it is thin and subject to manipulation. 

&#9;The
volume of trading in our common stock is limited and can be dominated by a few individuals. The limited volume can make the price
of our common stock subject to manipulation by one or more stockholders and will significantly limit the number of shares that
one can purchase or sell in a short period of time. An investor may find it difficult to dispose of shares of our common stock
or obtain a fair price for our common stock in the market.

The
market price of our common stock may be harmed by our need to raise capital. 

We
need to raise additional capital in order to roll out our business plan and expect to raise such capital through the issuance
of preferred stock
 common stock and/or convertible debt. Because securities in private placements and other transactions by a
company are often sold at a discount to market prices
 this need to raise additional capital may harm the market price of our
common stock. In addition
 the re-sale of securities issued in such capital-raising transactions
 whether under Rule 144 or a
re-sale registration statement
 may harm the market price of our common stock.


    
    


The
market price for our common stock is volatile and may change dramatically at any time. 

The
market price of our common stock
 like that of the securities of other early-stage companies
 is highly volatile. Our stock price
may change dramatically as the result of announcements of our quarterly results
 the rate of our expansion
 significant litigation
or other factors or events that would be expected to affect our business or financial condition
 results of operations and other
factors specific to our business and future prospects. In addition
 the market price for our common stock may be affected by various
factors not directly related to our business
 including the following:



    
    
intentional
    manipulation of our stock price by existing or future stockholders;

    
    
    

    
    
short
    selling of our common stock or related derivative securities;

    
    
    

    
    
a
    single acquisition or disposition
 or several related acquisitions or dispositions
 of a large number of our shares;

    
    
    

    
    
the
    interest
 or lack of interest
 of the market in our business sector
 without regard to our financial condition or results
    of operations; 

    
    
    

    
    
the
    adoption of governmental regulations and similar developments in the United States or abroad that may affect our ability to
    offer our products and services or affect our cost structure; 

    
    
    

    
    
developments
    in the businesses of companies that purchase our products; or

    
    
    

    
    
economic
    and other external market factors
 such as a general decline in market prices due to poor economic indicators or investor
    distrust.


Our
ability to issue preferred stock and common stock may significantly dilute ownership and voting power
 negatively affect the price
of our common stock and inhibit hostile takeovers. 

Under
our Articles of Incorporation
 as amended
 we are authorized to issue up to 10 million shares of preferred stock and 200 million
shares of common stock without seeking stockholder approval. Our board of directors has the authority to create various series
of preferred stock with such voting and other rights superior to those of our common stock and to issue such stock without stockholder
approval. Any issuance of such preferred stock or common stock would dilute the ownership and voting power of existing holders
of our common stock and may have a negative effect on the price of our common stock. The issuance of preferred stock without stockholder
approval may also be used by management to stop or delay a change of control
 or might discourage third parties from seeking a
change of control of our company
 even though some stockholders or potential investors may view possible takeover attempts as
potentially beneficial to our stockholders.

We
are unlikely to pay dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.

We
have never declared or paid dividends on our stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings
for use in the operation and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future
and it is unlikely that investors will derive any current income from ownership of our stock. This means that your potential for
economic gain from ownership of our stock depends on appreciation of our stock price and will only be realized by a sale of the
stock at a price higher than your purchase price.


    
    


Our
common stock is a &ldquo;low-priced stock&rdquo; and subject to regulation that limits or restricts the potential market for our
stock.

Shares
of our common stock are &ldquo;low-priced&rdquo; or &ldquo;penny stock
&rdquo; resulting in increased risks to our investors and
certain requirements being imposed on some brokers who execute transactions in our common stock. In general
 a low-priced stock
is an equity security that:



    
    
Is
    priced under five dollars;

    
    
    

    
    
Is not traded
    on a national stock exchange;

    
    
    

    
    
Is issued by a
    company that has less than $5 million in net tangible assets (if it has been in business less than three years) or has less
    than $2 million in net tangible assets (if it has been in business for at least three years); and

    
    
    

    
    
Is issued by a
    company that has average revenues of less than $6 million for the past three years.


We
believe that our common stock is presently a &ldquo;penny stock.&rdquo; At any time the common stock qualifies as a penny stock
the following requirements
 among others
 will generally apply:



    
    
Certain
    broker-dealers who recommend penny stock to persons other than established customers and accredited investors must make a
    special written suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser&rsquo;s written agreement to a transaction
    prior to sale.

    
    
    

    
    
Prior to executing
    any transaction involving a penny stock
 certain broker-dealers must deliver to certain purchasers a disclosure schedule explaining
    the risks involved in owning penny stock
 the broker-dealer&rsquo;s duties to the customer
 a toll-free telephone number for
    inquiries about the broker-dealer&rsquo;s disciplinary history and the customer&rsquo;s rights and remedies in case of fraud
    or abuse in the sale.

    
    
    

    
    
In connection
    with the execution of any transaction involving a penny stock
 certain broker-dealers must deliver to certain purchasers the
    following: 




    
    
bid
    and offer price quotes and volume information;

    
    
    

    
    
the broker-dealer&rsquo;s
    compensation for the trade;

    
    
    

    
    
the compensation
    received by certain salespersons for the trade;

    
    
    

    
    
monthly accounts
    statements; and

    
    
    

    
    
a written statement
    of the customer&rsquo;s financial situation and investment goals.


Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.



Item
2. Properties.

We
use office and cold storage warehouse space in the facility of Specialty Foods for free. We have no lease with respect to such
space
 and our informal arrangement could be terminated at any time.

Pursuant
to an Option Agreement dated October 30
 2009
 we have an option to purchase from Specialty Foods an approximately 15-acre parcel
of real estate on which Specialty Foods is located in Webster City
 Iowa during an approximately seven-year term at a purchase
price equal to the greater of $3
000
000 (plus the cost of additional improvements) and the appraised value of property at the
time the option is exercised. If we exercise the option
 we would be required to lease back to Specialty Foods the buildings in
which it conducts its operations in exchange for rent of $10
000 per month
 subject to certain adjustments.


    
    


In
January 2008
 we entered into an agreement relating to the 29 East Main Cafe
 located at 29 East Main Street
 Los Gatos
 California
95030. Under the terms of the purchase agreement
 we acquired the existing leasehold improvements and equipment and assumed the
existing lease. We remodeled this location and opened it as a Smoky Market restaurant
 but in March 2010 we closed the restaurant.
We have since ceased paying the rent payments on this property. We understand that the property was subsequently leased out by
the fee owner effective February 2011. A liability for the remaining lease payments due under the lease agreement has been recorded
in the financial statements as part of the impairment loss described below.

Item
3. Legal Proceedings.

We
are not engaged in any legal proceedings
 nor are we aware of any pending or threatened legal proceedings that
 singly or in the
aggregate
 would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition or results of operations.

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures

This
item is not applicable.

PART
II

Item
5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

Market
Price

The
table below sets forth the high and low bid quotations for our common stock as reported on the Pink Sheets for the periods indicated.



    
    
    

Fiscal
    Year Ended December 31
 2013
    
    

Quarter
ended December 31
 2013
    
    

Quarter ended September
30
 2013
    
    

Quarter ended June
30
 2013
    
    

Quarter ended March
31
 2013
    
    

    
    
    

Fiscal Year Ended December 31
 2012
    
    

Quarter ended December
31
 2012
    
    

Quarter ended September
30
 2012
    
    

Quarter ended June
30
 2012
    
    

Quarter ended March
31
 2012
    
    


The
quotations set forth above reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission
 and may not represent
actual transactions.

Outstanding
Shares and Number of Stockholders

As
of November 15
 2014
 there were 191
233
345 shares of common stock issued and outstanding
 which were held by approximately 300
holders of record and no shares of preferred stock outstanding.


    
    




We
have never declared or paid dividends on any class of equity securities
 and we currently intend to retain any future earnings
for use in our business and do not anticipate paying any dividends on our outstanding common stock in the foreseeable future.

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

The following
table sets forth information with respect to compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity
securities of the company are authorized for issuance as of December 31
 2013:




Plan
    Category
    
Number
    of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options
 warrants and rights
    
    
Weighted-average
    exercise price of outstanding options
 warrants and rights
    
    
Number
    of securities
 remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column
    (a))
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Equity compensation plans
    approved by security holders
    
    
425
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
205
000
    

Equity compensation plans not approved
    by security holders
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
425
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
205
000
    


Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities

Other
than transactions previously reported
 the Company offered and sold the following securities without being registered under the
Securities Act.

In
March 2013
 in exchange for conversion of existing debt
 we offered and sold to an entity a total of 35
660
568 shares of common
stock with a fair market value of $35
660.57 (or $0.001 per share). The offer and sale of such shares of our common stock were
effected in reliance upon the exemptions for sales of securities not involving a public offering
 as set forth in Section 4(2)
of the Securities Act
 based upon the following: (a) each investor confirmed to us that the investor was an &ldquo;accredited
investor
&rdquo; as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act and had such background
 education
and experience in financial and business matters as to be able to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the securities;
(b) there was no public offering or general solicitation with respect to each offering; (c) the investors were provided with certain
disclosure materials and all other information requested with respect to our company; (d) the investors acknowledged that all
securities being purchased were &ldquo;restricted securities&rdquo; for purposes of the Securities Act
 and agreed to transfer
such securities only in a transaction registered under the Securities Act or exempt from registration under the Securities Act;
and (e) a legend was placed on the certificates representing each such security stating that it was restricted and could only
be transferred if subsequently registered under the Securities Act or transferred in a transaction exempt from registration under
the Securities Act.

Item
6. Selected Financial Data.

Because
we are a smaller reporting company
 we are not required to provide the information called for by this item.


    
    


Item
7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

The
following discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of the Company should be read in conjunction
with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. This section may include projections and other forward-looking statements
regarding management&rsquo;s expectations regarding our performance. You should not place undue reliance on such projections and
forward looking statements
 and
 when considering such projections and forward-looking statements
 you should keep in mind the
risk factors noted throughout this prospectus. You should also keep in mind that all projections and forward-looking statements
are based on management&rsquo;s existing beliefs about present and future events outside of management&rsquo;s control and on
assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. See &ldquo;Item 1A. Risk Factors.&rdquo;



We
use proprietary
 custom-engineered
 USDA-approved wood-burning oven technology to produce a complete line of fully-cooked Smoke-BakedTM
fish and meat
 and special recipe dishes. From a 15-acre food production campus located in central Iowa and owned by our exclusive
meat processor
 Mary Ann&rsquo;s Specialty Foods
 Inc. (&ldquo;Specialty Foods&rdquo;)
 we plan to sell our line of smoked foods
through multiple channels of distribution under the Smoky Market brand.

Within
the value-added
 prepared food marketplace
 we see a significant lack of artisan smoked fish and meat products that are truly
wholesome
 naturally wood-smoked by burning wood
 and free of additives and chemical preservatives. We believe this specialized
marketplace to be virtually untapped and without any major smoked food brand comparable in quality. We believe our two packaged
food brand concepts
 &ldquo;Smoky Market&rdquo; and &ldquo;Smoky Kosher&rdquo;
 will enable us to penetrate national markets for
sales to wholesale and retail customers in the value-added packaged food sector. We believe our business model to be a niche market
opportunity to produce and distribute artisan quality smoked foods
 at competitive prices
 within a highly processed
 commercial
prepared food marketplace.

We
produce our smoked foods under an agreement with Specialty Foods
 a commercial meat processor in whose USDA facility we placed
out first wood-burning oven system
 which is capable of producing approximately 100
000 pounds of our smoked salmon per month
and a slightly lesser amount of smoked meat items.

We
have generated net losses in each fiscal year since our inception in the development of our business model. In October 2009
 we
generated a small amount of revenue from food sales at a prototype Los Gatos
 CA restaurant where we were testing our foodservice
system
 but subsequently closed the restaurant due principally to poor economic conditions in the area. As discussed in &ldquo;Liquidity
and Capital Resources&rdquo; below
 in June 2009 we received $1.5 million in capital financing
 which we used toward debt repayment
the opening of the Los Gatos restaurant to test our foodservice system
 and for our website to launch a test with Internet sales.
We estimate that we will need a minimum of $500
000 of additional financing in order to accomplish the initial launch of our regional
sales and fulfillment plan. Because of the $650
000 of inventory and receivable financing being provided by Specialty Foods in
connection with our development agreement
 we believe a minimum of $500
000 will enable us to grow our sales revenue to a point
where we generating a positive cash flow. We expect such proceeds to be provided through a private transaction of sales of either
our available common or preferred stock.


    
    


Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31
 2013
 we had cash and cash equivalents of $1
128 and a working capital deficit of $2
078
266
 as compared to cash
and cash equivalents of $380 and a working capital deficit of $2
165
847 as of December 31
 2012.

To
finance the expansion of our wholesale
 distribution
 and Internet retail operations
 we intend to seek additional financing in
2014. Given that we are not yet in a positive cash flow or earnings position
 the options available to us are fewer than to a
positive cash flow company and generally do not include bank financing. To raise additional capital
 we expect to issue equity
securities
 including preferred stock
 common stock
 warrants and/or convertible securities. We do not have any commitments from
any party to provide required capital and may
 or may not
 be able to obtain such capital on reasonable terms or at all.

In
a March 2010 transaction with 70 Limited LLC
 we received $150
000 in cash for a promissory note in the amount of $150
000 together
with a warrant to purchase up to 450
000 shares of our common stock. Under the terms of the promissory note
 we were obligated
to make payment on the full principal amount
 plus interest accruing at 10% per year
 by March 5
 2011
 and we could prepay any
amount of principal or interest at any time without penalty.

In
August 2010
 the Company and 70 Limited LLC agreed to refinance the note. Pursuant to the agreement
 both loans were combined
along with accrued interest
 forming a new loan with a maturity date of August 18
 2020. The note will accrue interest at a 10%
annual rate until repaid. Prior warrants were revised to allow for exercise at $.05 per warrant as opposed to the previous $.15.
The new warrants were valued based on the Black-Scholes method using a risk-free rate of return of .15% and volatility of 347%.

In
July 2011
 we entered into a Purchase and Lease Agreement (the &ldquo;Sale/Lease Agreement&rdquo;) with SMKY Asset Fund LLC (the
&ldquo;Lessor&rdquo;) related to our smoker-oven system. Pursuant to the Sale/Lease Agreement
 we sold the smoker-oven system
to the Lessor for a purchase price equal of $240
000 (the &ldquo;Sale Price&rdquo;). In addition
 we are required to issue to
Lessor a warrant to purchase a share of common stock for each $1.00 of the Lease Price. The warrants have an exercise price of
$0.50 per share
 a five-year term and include net exercise provisions. We leased back the smoker-oven system for rent equal to
$0.20 per pound of product produced using the smoker-oven up to a maximum annual return of 30% on the sum of the Sale Price ($240
000)
or $72
000. The Sale/Lease Agreement has a 10-year term and includes a provision that we must repurchase the smoker-oven system
at any time after July 25
 2014 providing that the market price for our common stock has exceeded $0.50 for thirty trading days.
The repurchase price is a number of shares of common stock with a fair market value equal to 20 times the Sale Price
 plus $5
000.

The
Company received funding from Asher Enterprises
 Inc. in return for promissory notes. Aggregate principal outstanding on the notes
was $57
800 and $115
000 as of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively The notes accrue interest at an annual rate of 8% until
repaid and are due 180 days after inception. The notes are convertible into shares of our common stock at conversion prices equal
to a discount of 45% to the then current market price. As of December 31
 2013
 two of the notes
 aggregating $68
695 in principal
and accrued interest
 were in default as they had not been converted nor retired before coming due and therefore began accruing
interest at 22%. Both of these remaining notes were retired in the third quarter of 2014 and the total amount of accrued interest
was waived and not paid.

During
2013
 principal uses of cash were approximately $15
000 to finance operations.

There
are no major expected capital expenditures during the 2014.


    
    


Assuming
the success of our wholesale foodservice distribution and development of our retail channels through display merchandising and
Internet operations
 which are expected to utilize a substantial portion of our existing production capacity
 we anticipate the
need to invest as much as $1
500
000 to create additional production capacity at Specialty Food&rsquo;s production facility to
support our expanded marketing operations. This will most likely require the construction of an additional building adjacent to
Specialty Food&rsquo;s existing production space for more ovens and packaging equipment. We have entered into agreements with
Specialty Foods under which we were granted an option to construct an up to 80 thousand square foot building on its property to
accommodate additional smoker ovens and equipment and an option to purchase the 15-acre campus on which Specialty Foods operates
if needed to accommodate growth of the Company&rsquo;s business (subject to an obligation to lease back to Specialty Foods its
processing facility). We anticipate that the financing to pay for the proposed building addition will be generated from a combination
of our sales and additional financing transactions involving debt or equity securities. If we are unable to obtain financing to
construct the building addition as planned
 we will be forced to significantly curtail our proposed expansion
 and our ability
to grow revenue will be halted until increased capacity can be created.

Results
of Operations

Our
revenues from operations and our operating expenses decreased in 2013. The revenue decrease was due primarily to a less revenue
generated from wholesale and internet activities in 2013 than revenue generated from restaurant and internet activities in 2012.
The operating expense decrease was due primarily to lower costs associated with wholesale and internet activities in 2013 (as
compared to restaurant costs in 2012) and to decreases in general and administrative expenses
 as discuss below.

Revenues
. Our operating results for the years ended December 31
 2010 and 2009 are summarized as follows:



    
    

    

 2013

 2012

    
3
222
18
019

    
    
17
459

    
3
222
    

    
    
    


 Wages &amp; Benefits
184
000
250
487

    
92
023
170
074

    
12
033
143
468

    
2
585
17
314

    
5
131
8
342

    
    
    

    
    
66
508


 Wages and benefits-Related Parties
3
080
26
657

    
    
9
259

    
17
551
79
692

    
317
206
771
801

    
(313
984
(771
241

    
17
349
888
995

    
(296
635
117
754


Sales
decreased by $14
797
 from $18
019 in 2012 to $3
222 in 2013
 and costs of sales decreased by $17
459
 from $17
459 in 2012 to
$0. The decrease in costs of sales was due primarily to the write-off of inventory in 2012 as impaired due to slow sales
 as compared
to 2013 in which we were able to sell a minor amount of impaired inventory with no associated cost of sales as such inventory
had already been written off. Our general and administrative expenses decreased by $454
595
 from $771
801 in 2012 to $317
206
in 2013. Our operating loss decreased by $457
257
 from $771
241 in 2012 to $317
206 in 2013.


    
    


The
decrease in general and administrative expenses was due primarily to decreases in salaries
 wages and benefits
 depreciation and
amortization
 professional fees
 expenses relating to stock based compensation for financing activities
 expenses relating to
stock based compensation for salaries
 wages and benefits for related parties
 and other expenses. Fees relating to salaries
wages and benefits decreased by $66
487
 from $250
487 in 2012 to $184
000 in 2013
 due primarily to the curtailing of operations
during 2013. Depreciation and amortization expenses decreased by $78
051
 from $170
074 in 2012 to $92
023 in 2013
 due primarily
to the full amortization of loan discounts during 2013
 causing amortization to diminish. Professional fees decreased by $131
435
from $143
468 in 2012 to $12
033 in 2013
 primarily due to the absence of public filings
 which could not be completed due to
the lack of cash. Expenses related to stock based compensation for financing activities decreased by $65
705
 from $66
508 in
2012 to $803 in 2013
 due primarily to less stock-based compensation given due to diminished financing activities. Expenses related
to stock based compensation for salaries
 wages and benefits for related parties decreased by 23
577
 from $26
657 in 2012 to
$3
080 in 2013
 due primarily to diminished operations whereby less stock-based compensation was provided to employees. Other
general and administrative expenses decreased by $62
141
 from $79
692 in 2012 to $17
551 in 2013
 due primarily to diminished
operations. The foregoing decreases were not offset by increases in any other general and administrative expenses.

Our
other income decreased by $871
646
 from $888
995 in 2012 to $17
349 in 2013. This decrease in other income was due primarily
to a decrease of $874
129 in our gains on derivatives
 from $1
157
832 in 2012 to $283
703. This decrease in gains on derivatives
is due primarily to the retirement of convertible debt securities
 which previously led to the recording of derivative liabilities.

In
the opinion of our management
 inflation has not and will not have a material effect on our operations in the immediate future.
Management will continue to monitor inflation and evaluate the possible future effects of inflation on our business and operations.

Working
. Our working capital for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 is summarized in the table below. For the
categories of current assets and current liabilities
 the line items included in the table below represent selected components
of each category that are material to an understanding of our working capital deficiency. For a complete listing of all components
of each category please refer to the financial statements accompanying this Report.



    
    

    

 2013

 2012

    
    
    

    
1
128
    

    
1
128
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
538
677
530
843

    
186
638
175
038

    
975
309
791
309

    
108
805
97
850

    
201
270
484
973


 including accrued interest
 less amortized discount
68
695
86
214

    
2
079
394
2
166
227

    
    
    

    
(2
078
266
(2
165
847



    
    


Our
working capital deficiency decreased by $87
581
 from $2
165
847 in 2012 to $2
078
266 in 2013. The decrease in our working capital
deficiency was primarily due to a decrease in derivative liabilities of $283
703
 from $484
973 in 2012 to $201
270 in 2013. The
decrease in derivative liabilities is due primarily to the retirement of convertible debt securities
 which previously led to
the recording of derivative liabilities. The decrease in derivative liabilities was partially offset by an increase in accrued
payroll costs of $184
000
 from $791
309 in 2012 to $975
309 in 2013. The increase in accrued payroll costs is due primarily to
the recording of payroll liabilities owing to corporate officers
 which could not be paid during the year due to a lack of cash.

Cash
. Our cash flows for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 are summarized as follows:



    
    

    

 2013

 2012

    
(15
207
(240
983

    
15
955
223
749

    
    
(17
234

    
    
    


 Beginning of Year
    
17
614


 End of Year
1
128
    


In
2013
 we used $15
207 in cash in our operating activities
 primarily relating to the financing of operations; and we generated
$15
955 in cash from financing activities
 primarily due to advances from individuals and additional borrowing under the SMKY
Asset Fund agreement.

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates

&#9;Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon financial statements which have been
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The preparation of these financial
statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amount of assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses
and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis
 we evaluate our critical accounting policies
and estimates
 including those related to long-lived assets
 share-based compensation
 revenue recognition
 overhead allocation
allowance for doubtful accounts
 inventory
 and deferred income tax. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various
other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ
from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.

We
believe the following critical accounting policies affect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation
of our consolidated financial statements. These judgments and estimates affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Changes to these judgments and estimates could
adversely affect the Company&rsquo;s future results of operations and cash flows.


    
    


Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets

The
Company periodically reviews the carrying amount of property and equipment and its identifiable intangible assets to determine
whether current events or circumstances warrant adjustments to such carrying amounts. If an impairment adjustment is deemed necessary
such loss is measured by the amount that the carrying value of such assets exceeds their fair value. Considerable management judgment
is necessary to estimate the fair value of assets; accordingly
 actual results could vary significantly from such estimates.

Revenue
Recognition

Sales
are recognized upon shipment.

Net
(Loss) Per Common Share

Basic
earnings (loss) per common share calculations are determined by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings (loss) per common share calculations are determined by dividing net income
(loss) by the weighted average number of common shares
 outstanding stock options
 and the equivalent number of common shares
that would have been outstanding had the convertible debt holders converted their debt instruments to common stock. All potential
dilutive securities have been excluded from the computation
 as their effect is anti-dilutive.

Stock-Based
Compensation

The
Company has issued its common shares as compensation to directors
 officers
 and non-employees (&ldquo;recipients&rdquo;). The
Company measures the amount of stock-based compensation based on the fair value of the equity instrument issued or the services
or goods provided as of the earlier of (1) the date at which an agreement is reached with the recipient as to the number of shares
to be issued for performance
 or (2) the date at which the recipient&rsquo;s performance is complete.

Occasionally
the Company sells shares below market value to raise cash to fund operations. The discounts from market are treated as compensation
for officers and directors. For non-officers and directors
 the discounts are netted against proceeds as a &ldquo;cost of issue.&rdquo;

Income
Taxes

Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are computed based upon the difference between the financial statement and income tax basis of assets
and liabilities using the enacted marginal tax rate applicable when the related asset or liability is expected to be realized
or settled. Deferred income tax expenses or benefits are based on the changes in the asset or liability each period. If available
evidence suggests that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized
 a
valuation allowance is required to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. Future
changes in such valuation allowance are included in the provision for deferred income taxes in the period of change.

Deferred
income taxes may arise from temporary differences resulting from income and expense items reported for financial accounting and
tax purposes in different periods. Deferred taxes are classified as current or non-current
 depending on the classification of
assets and liabilities to which they relate. Deferred taxes arising from temporary differences that are not related to an asset
or liability are classified as current or non-current depending on the periods in which the temporary differences are expected
to reverse.


    
    


Uncertainty
in income taxes is recognized in the Company&rsquo;s financial statements. Specifically
 the accounting policy determines (a)&nbsp;a
consistent recognition threshold and (b)&nbsp;a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement
of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return
 and provides related guidance on derecognition
 classification
interest and penalties
 accounting interim periods
 disclosure and transition. To the extent interest and penalties would be assessed
by taxing authorities on any underpayment of income taxes
 such amounts would be accrued and classified as a component of income
tax expenses on the consolidated statement of operations. The Company has evaluated the presence of any such tax uncertainties
and determined that they do not have a material impact on the financial statements. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements

We
have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our
financial condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures
or capital resources that are material to investors.

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.

Because
we are a smaller reporting company
 we are not required to provide the information called for by this item.

Item
8. Financial Statements.

Our
financial statements and associated notes are set forth following the signature page beginning on Page F-1.

Item
9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

The
information required by this Item was previously reported.

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures.

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer
 we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures
 as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as of December 31
 2013. Based on this evaluation
 our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective in ensuring that information
required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the Commission&rsquo;s rules and forms. This conclusion is based
in part on the fact that the Company did not complete certain reports within required time periods.


    
    


Internal
Controls

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule
13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). In fulfilling this responsibility
 estimates and judgments by management are required to assess
the expected benefits and related costs of control procedures. The objectives of internal control include providing management
with reasonable
 but not absolute
 assurance that the records of the Company accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the Company&rsquo;s assets; assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition; and that
transactions are executed in accordance with management&rsquo;s authorization and recorded properly to permit the preparation
of consolidated financial statements in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles. Our management
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2013. Our management has concluded
that
 as of December 31
 2013
 our internal control over financial reporting is not effective in providing reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with United States generally accepted accounting principles. Our management&rsquo;s finding of ineffective internal control over
financial reporting results primarily from the fact that the Company has only two full time employees
 which is not a sufficient
number to implement industry-standard internal controls. Subject to the Company&rsquo;s ability to obtain financing and hire additional
employees
 the Company expects to be able to design and implement effective internal controls in the near future.

Changes
in Internal Controls

During
the last fiscal quarter ended December 31
 2013
 there has been no change in internal control over financial reporting that has
materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.

Item
9B. Other Information.




    
    


PART
III

Item
10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

Identification
of Directors and Executive Officers

Certain
information regarding our executive officers and directors is set forth below. Our executive officers are appointed by
 and continue
to serve at the will of
 our board of directors. Our directors are elected or appointed for terms that continue
 absent resignation
death or removal by our stockholders
 until the later of the next annual meeting of stockholders or until a replacement is duly
appointed or elected and qualified. Among our officers
 Edward C. Feintech devotes substantially all of his time to our business
Shane A. Campbell devotes approximately 10% of his time to our business
 and Dennis Harrison currently devotes less than 5% of
his time to our business.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Edward
    C. Feintech
    
    
    
Founder
    Promoter
 President
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board

Scott
    L. Bargfrede
    
    
    
    

Shane
    A. Campbell
    
    
    
Director
    and Chief Financial Officer*

Dennis
    A. Harrison
    
    
    
Chief
    Information Officer*

    
    
    
    
    

    


Edward
 has been the Chairman of our Board of Directors
 and our President and Chief Executive Officer since our incorporation
in April 2006. Mr. Feintech operated full-service barbecue restaurants and tested quick-service barbecue operations in Des Moines
Iowa (1977-1984) before closing his enterprise and moving on toward development of our custom-engineered
 USDA-approved wood-burning
oven system technology. Since organizing Smoky Systems
 LLC
 in December 2000
 Mr. Feintech has been its manager and directed
the development phase of the intellectual property that we license from Smoky Systems.

Mr.
Feintech has been appointed as a director in light of his experience in the smoked-meat and restaurant industries
 his role as
our Chief Executive Office and his company-specific knowledge.

Scott
 has served as a director of our company since May 2006. Mr. Bargfrede has been the President and CEO of First
American Bank in Webster City
 Iowa since October 18
 1999. First American Bank is our primary bank. Mr. Bargfrede graduated from
the University of Minnesota in 1979 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Ag-Business Finance. In 1992
 he graduated from the University
of Wisconsin Graduate School of Banking.

Mr.
Bargfrede has been appointed as a director in light of his experience in financial and banking industry.

Shane
has been our Chief Financial Officer (acting as a consultant) since our
incorporation in April 2006. Mr. Campbell has served as a business advisor to&nbsp;numerous small and medium sized businesses
over his twenty-two years of public and private practice. From April 2004 through the present
 Mr. Campbell has functioned as
the chief financial officer of Smoky Systems
 LLC
 and other small companies as chief financial officer on a consultant contract
basis consultant contractor. Mr. Campbell worked from January 2001 to April 2004 as chief financial officer for MarketLive
 Inc.
(previously Multimedia Live
 Inc.)
 an e-commerce software company located in Petaluma
 California. Prior to that time
 from January
1990 through January 2002
 Mr. Campbell was an employee and then a partner at Jones
 Schiller &amp; Company
 LLC
 an accounting
firm located in San Francisco. Mr. Campbell earned a Bachelor of Science degree from California State University
 Chico in December
1981. 

Mr.
Campbell has been appointed as a director in light of his experience in financial
 auditing and related business matters and his
company-specific knowledge.


    
    


Dennis
A. Harrison
 PhD
 
2006; however
 he is expected to become a full-time employee when and as our financial situation permits. Since January 2000
Dr. Harrison has held senior level management positions as vice president of business development for CSF-Telequest from 2000
to 2003
 vice president of business development for CallTech Communications from April 2003 to April 2004
 and vice president
Dr. Harrison received a Bachelor of Arts
degree in Philosophy &amp; Classical Languages from the Seminary of St. Pius X
 an affiliate of Catholic University
 a Master
of Arts degree in Counseling from Loyola College
 and a Doctor of Philosophy degree in Human Development&nbsp;from the University
of Maryland.

Audit
Committee

Our entire board of directors presently serves as our audit committee. None of the members of the audit committee
satisfy the independence requirements applicable to audit committees of listed companies. In addition
 the board of directors
has determined that the audit committee does not have a member qualifying as an audit committee financial expert
 as defined in
Item 401(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. To save limited capital over the last several years
 we have chosen not to expand the size of
our Board of Directors or to offer cash compensation to our directors. The absence of cash compensation makes recruiting persons
who are not otherwise interested in our company more difficult. For these reasons
 we do not have on our board of directors a
person who would qualify as an audit committee financial expert.

We
do not presently have a standing nominating committee or compensation committee
 and we do not have a nominating committee charter
or a compensation committee charter.

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company&rsquo;s officers and directors to file reports concerning their ownership of Common
Shares with the SEC and to furnish the Company with copies of such reports. Based solely upon the Company&rsquo;s review of the
reports required by Section 16 and amendments thereto furnished to the Company
 the Company believes that all reports required
to be filed pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act during 2010
 were filed with the SEC on a timely basis.

Code
of Ethics

We
have not adopted a code of ethics. Although we expect to adopt a code of ethics during 2011
 we have not done so to date because
we believe that
 in light of our limited capital and operations
 expending the resources on developing a formal code of ethics
would not be in the best interest of shareholders. As we obtain the capital to establish more significant operations
 we expect
to begin developing more comprehensive policies and procedures appropriate to our size and stage.


    
    


Item
11. Executive Compensation.

Summary
Compensation Table

The
following table summarizes the compensation for the fiscal years ended December 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012 paid or accrued
by us to or on behalf of our Chief Executive Officer
 as well as our two most highly compensated executive officers
 if any
 whose
aggregate compensation for fiscal years 2012 or 2013 exceeded $100
000 (collectively
 the &ldquo;Named Executive Officers&rdquo;).



Name
                                         and
Principal
        Position
    
    
    
    
        
    
    
        
    
Stock
                                         Awards
        
    
    
        
        
    
Non-Equity
    Incentive Plan Compensation ($)
    
Nonqualified
    Deferred Compensation Earnings ($)
    
All
    Other Compensation ($)
    
Total
    ($)

Edward C. Feintech
    CEO
 President and Director
    
    
        
    
175
000
175
000
    
    
        
    
    
        
    
--
                                         
        
    
    
        
    
    
        
    
    
        
    
175
000
175
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Shane
                                         A. Campbell
 CFO and Director
    
    
        
    
13
400
71
794
    
    
        
    
    
        
    
    
2
334
    
    
        
    
    
        
    
    
        
    
14
007
74
128


(1) Mr.
Campbell is currently serving as a part-time Chief Financial Officer/Consultant; his services are provided on an as-needed basis.
Compensation is accrued and then paid as cash becomes available.


    
    


On
May 10
 2007
 Mr. Feintech signed an executive employment agreement. The agreement is for a three-year term and calls for him
to receive a minimum base salary of $175
000 per year. The employment agreement also grants to him: (i) a one-time stock issuance
of 1
500
000 shares of common stock upon execution of the agreement; (ii) an award of non-statutory stock options of 425
000 shares
of common stock at an exercise price of $0.10 per share; and (iii) a bonus equal to an additional 1
000
000 shares of common stock
upon the achievement of each incremental level of $50
000
000 in revenue
 provided that cumulative net after-tax income is being
maintained at a level not less than 7.5% on total revenue.

In
addition
 in May 2006
 Mr. Feintech was issued 50
000 shares of common stock in exchange for the assignment of any intellectual
property rights related to our business and granted an option to purchase 325
000 shares of common stock pursuant to our stock
incentive plan at an exercise price of $0.10 at any time prior to May 13
 2013. The options vested 25% on May 31
 2007 and have
continued to vest 1/48th each month thereafter until fully vested.

On
June 21
 2010
 Mr. Feintech was granted 2
250
000 shares of common stock as additional compensation. Such shares were valued at
$0.14
 for total compensation of $31
500.

On
February 11
 2011
 Mr. Feintech was granted 1
750
000 shares of common stock as additional compensation. Such shares were valued
at $0.008
 for total compensation of $14
000.

On
February 13
 2011
 Mr. Feintech was granted 400
000 warrants to purchase common stock at a strike price of $0.05. The warrant
term extends five years through February 12
 2016. The warrants were valued at $3
212 using the Black-Scholes method
 assuming
a risk-free rate of return of 0.13% and volatility of 347%.

On
September 30
 2011
 Mr. Feintech was granted 500
000 warrants to purchase common stock at a strike price of $0.25. The warrant
term extends five years through September 29
 2016. The warrants were valued at $119
984 using the Black-Scholes method
 assuming
a risk-free rate of return of 0.02% and volatility of 317%.

On
May 17
 2010
 Mr. Campbell was granted 1
500
000 warrants to purchase common stock at a strike price of $0.05. The fair value
per common share was $0.02. The warrant term extends five years through May 16
 2015. The warrants were valued at $30
027 using
the Black-Scholes method
 assuming a risk-free rate of return of .12% to .15% and a volatility of 347%.

On
September 30
 2011
 Mr. Campbell was granted 250
000 warrants to purchase common stock at a strike price of $0.25. The warrant
term extends five years through September 29
 2016. The warrants were valued at $60
008 using the Black-Scholes method
 assuming
a risk-free rate of return of 0.02% and volatility of 317%.

On
December 20
 2012
 Mr. Campbell was granted 350
000 warrants to purchase common stock at a strike price of $.05. The warrant term
extends three years through December 20
 2015. The warrants were valued at $2
334 using the Black-Scholes method
 assuming a risk-free
rate of return of .02% and volatility of 310%.

On
December 31
 2013
 Mr. Campbell was granted 350
000 warrants to purchase common stock at a strike price of $.05. The warrant term
extends three years to December 31
 2016. The warrants were valued at $607 using the Black-Scholes method
 assuming a risk-free
rate of return of .78% and volatility of 307%.

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End

The
following table provides information regarding equity awards held by the Named Executive Officers as of December 31
 2013:



    
    
Option
    Awards
    
Stock
    Awards

    
    
Number
        of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options
(#)
        Exercisable
    
Number
        of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options
(#)
        Unexercisable
    
Equity
        Incentive Plan Awards:
Number
        of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options
        
    
Option
        Exercise Price
        
    
Option
    Expiration Date
    
Number
        of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested
        
    
Market
        Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested
        
    
Equity
        Incentive Plan Awards:
Number
        of Unearned Shares
 Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested
        
    
Equity
        Incentive Plan Awards:
Market
        or Payout Value of Unearned Shares
 Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested
        

Edward
    C. Feintech
 CEO
 President and Director
    
425
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


(1)
Options vested 25% on May 31
 2007 and 1/48th each month thereafter until fully vested. 

Compensation
of Directors

Directors
who are not officers of the Company do not receive any regular compensation for their service on the board of directors but are
entitled to reimbursement of any actual expenses associated with the attendance of board meeting and other activities and to receive
options and other awards under the Company&rsquo;s stock incentive plan. Directors are entitled to receive compensation for services
unrelated to their service as a director to the extent that they provide such unrelated services to the Company.

Information
with respect to the compensation of Edward C. Feintech
 our Chief Executive Officer and President
 is set forth in the tables
above.

Executive
Employment Agreements
 Termination of Employment and Change of Control Arrangements 

Except
as described in following paragraph
 we have not entered into employment agreements with any of our executive officers and
 other
than provisions in our stock incentive plan that permit acceleration of vesting of awards in connection with a change of control
have no arrangements or plans which provide benefits in connection with retirement
 resignation
 termination or a change of control.



    
    


Pursuant
to his executive employment agreement dated May 10
 2007
 Edward C. Feintech is entitled to receive
 as severance and following
execution of a release of liabilities in favor of the Company
 (i) if the termination was by the Company without cause or by the
employee with good reason (except in connection with a change of control)
 base salary and medical benefits (plus any pro-rated
bonus for which he otherwise qualified) for a period of 12-months following the termination
 or (ii) if the termination was by
the Company without cause or by the employee with good reason and occurred 90 days prior to or within one year after a change
of control
 base salary and medical benefits for a period of 24 months and acceleration of the vesting of any stock options granted
under the employment agreement. Mr. Feintech is not entitled to such severance benefits if the termination is either by the Company
for cause
 by Mr. Feintech without good reason
 or after May 10
 2010. A change of control includes (a) any capital reorganization
reclassification of the capital stock of Company
 consolidation or merger of Company with another corporation in which Company
is not the survivor (other than a transaction effective solely for the purpose of changing the jurisdiction of incorporation of
Company)
 (b) the sale
 transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s assets to another entity
and (c) the acquisition by a single person (or two or more persons acting as a group
 as a group is defined for purposes of Section
13(d)(3) under the Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended) of more than 40% of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company.


Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

The
Company has no compensation committee or other board committee performing equivalent functions. Edward C. Feintech
 an officer
of the Company as well as chairman of the board of directors
 participated in deliberations of the Company&rsquo;s board of directors
concerning executive officer compensation during 2011.

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

The
following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of November
 15
 2014 and
as adjusted to reflect the sale of the shares of our common stock offered hereby
 by:


all
                                         persons known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of our common stock;



each
                                         of our named executive officers;



each
                                         of our directors; and



all
                                         directors and executive officers as a group.

Beneficial
ownership is determined according to the rules of the SEC and generally means that a person has beneficial ownership of a security
if he
 she or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power of that security
 and includes options and warrants that
are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days. Except as indicated by footnote
 and subject to community property laws
where applicable
 we believe the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of
common stock shown as beneficially owned by them. 


    
    




    
    
    

 Chairman
 President and CEO
18
411
934
    

    
    
    


 Director
1
396
572
    

    
    
    


 Director and CFO
2
843
511
    

    
    
    


 CIO
3
162
411
    

    
    
    

    
25
814
428
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 LLC 
 Las Vegas
 NV 89121
17
190
426
    

    
    
    

35 Lincoln Dr.
 Wallingford
 CT 06492
10
151
181
    



* Represents
less than 1% of the outstanding shares of common stock.


The percentages set forth above
have been computed assuming the number of shares of common stock outstanding equals the sum of (a) 191
233
345
 which is the number
of shares of common stock actually outstanding on November 15
 2014
 and (b) shares of common stock subject to options
 warrants
convertible notes and similar securities exercisable or convertible for common stock within 60 days of such date held by the person
with respect to percentage is computed (but not by any other person).




Includes
 in addition to outstanding
shares held by Mr. Feintech
 425
000 shares issuable upon exercise of non-statutory stock options. Also includes 257
521 shares
of common stock held of record by Cheryl Feintech.




Includes 425
000 shares issuable
upon the exercise of non-statutory stock options.




Based on the Company&rsquo;s
internal records reflecting the stock ownership of 70 Limited
 LLC. Includes 2
602
500 shares issuable upon the exercise of warrants.
Tertia Dvorchak is the manager of 70 Limited
 LLC and
 as such
 has voting and investment control over these securities. Tertia
Dvorchak disclaims beneficial ownership of the securities held by 70 Limited
 LLC.




Based on the Company&rsquo;s
internal records reflecting the stock ownership of Jason Zandri. Includes 800
000 shares issuable upon conversion of Units owned
in SMKY Asset Fund LLC and 420
000 shares issuable upon the exercise of warrants.


Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans

The
information set forth above in Item 5 under &ldquo;Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans&rdquo; is
incorporated herein by reference.

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.

Arrangements
with Officers
 Directors and Promoters

Set forth
below is a description of certain transactions entered into since January 1
 2013
 or presently contemplated
 with any officer
director
 affiliate or other related person:

Our directors
have set the initial salary or consulting fee of certain of our officers as follows (in each case pending availability of capital):



    
    


 President &amp; CEO
175
000


 CFO
as
needed


 CIO
    


*
Currently serving as a part-time Chief Financial Officer/Consultant; services are provided on an as-needed basis and salary is
being accrued and then paid as cash becomes available.


    
    


Independence
of Board of Directors and Committees 

Our
Board of Directors currently consists of Edward C. Feintech
 our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 Scott L. Bargfrede
 and
Shane A. Campbell
 our Chief Financial Officer. The Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Bargfrede is independent
 using
the standards of independence applicable to companies listed on the NASDAQ Stock Market. We do not presently have a standing audit
committee
 nominating committee
 or compensation committee
 and we do not have a charter for any such committees. Our entire Board
of Directors performs the functions generally performed by such committees. Mr. Bargfrede is independent using the standards of
the NASDAQ Stock Market applicable to compensation and nominating committee but may not be independent for purposes of applicable
audit committee standards because of the financial relationship disclosed below.

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services.

Audit
Fees

The
Company&rsquo;s independent auditor for the first
 second and third quarterly periods in 2012 was Silberstein Ungar
 PLLC
 and
the aggregate fee for auditing in those periods was $2
500. The Company&rsquo;s independent auditor for the fourth quarterly period
in 2012 and for the year ended December 31
 2013 was Huckfeldt &amp; Smith
 PLC
 and the aggregate fee for auditing in those periods
was $22
000.

Audit
Related Fees

The
aggregate fees for professional services for assurance and other audit related services was $5
000 for the fiscal year ended December
31
 2012 and $0 for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013.

Tax
Fees

There
were no fees paid to Silberstein Ungar
 PLLC or to Huckfeldt &amp; Smith
 PLC
 for tax-related professional services for the year
ended December 31
 2012 or the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013.

All
Other Fees

Neither
Silberstein Ungar
 PLLC nor Huckfeldt &amp; Smith
 PLC provided to the Company any other material services during the fiscal year
ended December 31
 2012 or the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013.

Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Policies

Under
the pre-approval policies and procedures established by the Board of Directors
 functioning as the Audit Committee
 it would not
permit engagement of accountants to render audit or non-audit services without prior approval of the Board of Directors
 functioning
as the Audit Committee. As a result
 all engagements of the independent auditors to render audit or non-audit services were approved
by the Board of Directors
 functioning as the Audit Committee.


    
    


Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.



Exhibit

No.
    
    
    
Incorporated
    by Reference/Filed 
Herewith

    
    
Amended
        and Restated Articles of Incorporation
        
    
Incorporated
        by reference to Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed on August 24
 2007
 File No. 333-143008
        

    
    
    
        
    
Incorporated
        by reference to Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed on August 24
 2007
 File No. 333-143008
        

    
    
Form
        of Common Stock Certificate
        
    
Incorporated
        by reference to Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed on August 24
 2007
 File No. 333-143008
        

    
    
Series
    2008A Warrant dated September 8
 2008
    
Incorporated
        by reference to the Current Report on 8-K filed on September 10
 2008
 File No. 000-52158
        

    
    
Series
    2009B Warrant dated May 29
 2009
    
Incorporated
        by reference to the Current Report on 8-K filed on June 4
 2009
 File No. 000-52158
        

    
    
Series
    2009C Warrant dated October 30
 2009
    
Incorporated
        by reference to the Current Report on 8-K filed on November 6
 2009
 File No. 000-52158
        

    
    
Warrant
    dated March 5
 2010
    
Incorporated
        by reference to the Current Report on 8-K filed on March 19
 2010
 File No. 000-52158
        

    
    
Series
    2011C Warrant dated August 25
 2011
    
Incorporated
        by reference to the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 1
 2011
 File No. 000-52158
        

    
    
2006
    Stock Incentive Plan
    
Incorporated
        by reference to Registration Statement on Form 10-SB filed on February 16
 2007
 File No. 000-52158
        

    
    
Form
    of NonStatutory Stock Option Agreement
    
Incorporated
        by reference to Registration Statement on Form 10-SB filed on February 16
 2007
 File No. 000-52158
        



    
    




    
 No.
    
    
    
Incorporated
    by Reference/Filed 
Herewith

    
    
Employment
        Agreement dated May 10
 2007 with Edward C. Feintech
        
    
Incorporated
by reference to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 14
 2007
 File No. 000-52158

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Consulting
        Agreement dated May 1
 2008 with International Monetary
        
    
Incorporated
        by reference to the Current Report on 8-K filed on May 8
 2008
 File No. 000-52158
        

    
    
Promissory
    Note dated September 8
 2008
    
Incorporated
        by reference to the Current Report on 8-K filed on September 10
 2008
 File No. 000-52158
        

    
    
Note
    and Share Purchase Agreement dated January 27
 2009 with 70 Limited LLC
    
Incorporated
        by reference to the Current Report on 8-K filed on February 2
 2009
 File No. 000-52158
        

    
    
Note
    Share and Warrant Purchase Agreement dated May 28
 2009 with 70 Limited LLC and The Jimma Lee Beam Revocable Trust
    
Incorporated
        by reference to the Current Report on 8-K filed on June 4
 2009
 File No. 000-52158
        

    
    
Promissory
    Note dated May 29
 2009
    
Incorporated
        by reference to the Current Report on 8-K filed on June 4
 2009
 File No. 000-52158
        

    
    
License
    Termination and Asset Transfer Agreement dated June 30
 2009 with Smoky Systems
 LLC
    
Incorporated
        by reference to the Current Report on 8-K filed on July 7
 2009
 File No. 000-52158
        

    
    
Option
    Agreement dated October 30
 2009 with Mary Ann&rsquo;s Specialty Foods
 Inc.
    
Incorporated
        by reference to the Current Report on 8-K filed on November 6
 2009
 File No. 000-52158
        

    
    
Second
    Amended and Restated Processing Agreement dated October 30
 2009 with Mary Ann&rsquo;s Specialty Foods
 Inc.
    
Incorporated
        by reference to the Current Report on 8-K filed on November 6
 2009
 File No. 000-52158
        

    
    
Consulting
    Agreement dated October 30
 2009 with William Korleski
    
Incorporated
        by reference to the Current Report on 8-K filed on November 6
 2009
 File No. 000-52158
        

    
    
Note
    and Warrant Purchase Agreement dated March 5
 2010 with 70 Limited LLC
    
Incorporated
        by reference to the Current Report on 8-K filed on March 29
 2010
 File No. 000-52158
        



    
    




    
No.
    
    
    
Incorporated
    by Reference/Filed
 Herewith

    
    
Secured
    Promissory Note dated March 5
 2010
    
Incorporated
        by reference to the Current Report on 8-K filed on March 29
 2010
 File No. 000-52158
        

    
    
Security
    Agreement dated March 5
 2010
    
Incorporated
        by reference to the Current Report on 8-K filed on March 29
 2010
 File No. 000-52158
        

    
    
Executive
        Consulting Agreement dated March 25
 2010 with Harvey Hoffenberg
        
    
Incorporated
        by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 15
 2010
        

    
    
Purchase
    and Lease Agreement dated July 25
 2011 with SMKY Asset Fund
 LLC
    
Incorporated
        by reference to the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 1
 2011
 File No. 000-52158
        

    
    
Business
    Development and License Agreement
    
Incorporated
        by reference to the Current Report on 8-K filed on July 18
 2014
 File No. 000-52158
        

    
    
Consent
        of Independent Registered Public 
        
        
    
Filed
        herewith
        

    
    
Power
    of Attorney
    
Included
        on the signature page hereof
        

    
    
Rule
        13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer
        
    
Filed
    herewith

    
    
Rule
        13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer
        
    
Filed
    herewith

    
    
Section
        1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer
        
    
Filed
    herewith

    
    
Section
    1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer
    
Filed
    herewith



    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this Form 10-K
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
SMOKY
    MARKET FOODS
 INC.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Eddie
    Feintech

    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer

    
    
    

    
Date:
    November 18
 2014


POWER
OF ATTORNEY AND ADDITIONAL SIGNATURES

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of
the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Each person
 whose signature to this Form 10-K appears below
hereby constitutes and appoints Eddie Feintech as his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent
 with full power of substitution
to sign on his behalf individually and in the capacity stated below and to perform any acts necessary to be done in order to file
all amendments and post-effective amendments to this Form 10-K
 and any and all instruments or documents filed as part of or in
connection with this Form 10-K or the amendments thereto and each of the undersigned does hereby ratify and confirm all that said
attorney-in-fact and agent
 or his substitutes
 shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Chief Executive Officer
 President and Chairman
    
November 18
 2014

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Director
 Chief Financial Officer
    
November 18
 2014

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
November 18
 2014

    
    
    
    
    



    
    















     



Exhibit
23.1

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-146034 on Forms S-8 of our report dated October 30
2014 relating to our audit of the financial statements of Smoky Market Foods
 Inc. for the periods ending December 31
 2013 and
December 31
 2012
 which appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Smoky Market Foods
 Inc. for the year ended December 31
2013.



/s/
    Huckfeldt &amp; Smith
 P.L.C.
    

Huckfeldt
    &amp; Smith
 P.L.C.
    


Bettendorf
Iowa
November
18
 2014


    
    














     



Exhibit
31.1



I
Edward C. Feintech
 certify that:



    
    
I
    have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Smoky Market Foods
 Inc. for the year ended December 31
 2013;

    
    
    

    
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;

    
    
    

    
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report; 

    
    
    

    
    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting; and



    
    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 


(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and

(b)
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.



Date:
    November 18
 2014
/s/
    Edward C. Feintech

    
Edward
    C. Feintech
 Chief Executive Officer



    
    














     



Exhibit
31.2



I
Shane A. Campbell
 certify that:



    
    
I
    have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Smoky Market Foods
 Inc. for the year ended December 31
 2013;

    
    
    

    
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;

    
    
    

    
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report; 

    
    
    

    
    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 


(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting; and



    
    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 


(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and

(b)
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.



Date:
    November 18
 2014
/s/
    Shane A. Campbell

    
Shane
    A. Campbell

    
Chief
    Financial Officer



    
    













     



Exhibit
32.1

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C.
 SECTION 1350

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of Smoky Market Foods
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) for the year ended December
31
 2013
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Edward C. Feintech
Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect; 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 that
 to the best of my knowledge:

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.



/s/
    Edward C. Feintech
    

Edward
    C. Feintech
    

Chief
    Executive Officer
    

    
    

November
    18
 2014
    



    
    














     



Exhibit
32.2

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C.
 SECTION 1350

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of Smoky Market Foods
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) for the year ended December
31
 2013 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Shane A. Campbell
Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect; 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 that
 to the best of my knowledge:

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.



/s/
    Shane A. Campbell
    

Shane
    A. Campbell
    

Chief
    Financial Officer
    

    
    

November
    18
 2014
    




    
    







