

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-17-000833
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20170406
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20170406
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Black Ridge Oil & Gas
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001490161
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				272345075
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53952
		FILM NUMBER:		17746436
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 NORTH 5TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 410
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55403
		BUSINESS PHONE:		952-426-1241
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 NORTH 5TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 410
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55403
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ante5
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100422









     








 D.C. 20549



[X] ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(D)
OF



 2016


Commission
file number 000-53952




 Inc.

charter)



    
    

    
    


 Street
 Suite
410
 Minneapolis
 Minnesota 55403

Code)



 including
area code

12(b) of the Exchange Act: None

12(g) of the Act:



        
        

        
        

    
    

    
    



the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. &#9;Yes &#9744; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No
&#9746;

the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. &#9;Yes &#9744; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No
&#9746;

the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

&#9744;

has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).

&#9744;

filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s
knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment
to this Form 10-K. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9746;&nbsp;&nbsp;

is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of
&ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act.


    
    
    
    
    

    
        
        
    
    
    
    



(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

&#9746;

of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $3
124
000 as of June 30
 2016 (computed by reference
to the last sale price of a share of the registrant&rsquo;s Common Stock on that date as reported by OTC Bulletin Board).

979
990 shares outstanding of
the registrant&rsquo;s common stock as of April 3
 2017.



    
    


CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS


discussion to inform our existing and potential security holders generally of some of the risks and uncertainties that can affect
our company and to take advantage of the &ldquo;safe harbor&rdquo; protection for forward-looking statements that applicable federal
securities law affords.


 our
management or persons acting on our behalf may make forward-looking statements to inform existing and potential security holders
about our company. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this report regarding our financial position
business strategy
 plans and objectives of management for future operations and industry conditions are forward-looking statements.
When used in this report
 forward-looking statements are generally accompanied by terms or phrases such as &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo;
&ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;predict
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;target
&rdquo;
&ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;seek
&rdquo; &ldquo;goal
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;may&rdquo;
or other words and similar expressions that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. Items making assumptions regarding
actual or potential future sales
 market size
 collaborations
 trends or operating results also constitute such forward-looking
statements.


involve inherent risks and uncertainties
 and important factors (many of which are beyond our control) that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements include the following:




low trading volume and illiquidity of our common stock
 and possible application of the SEC&rsquo;s
penny stock rules;





material defaults on monetary obligations owed us
 resulting in unexpected losses;

inadequate capital of our clients to acquire working interests in oil and gas prospects and to
participate in the drilling and production of oil and other hydrocarbons;







litigation
 disputes and legal claims involving outside parties; and

risks related to our ability to be listed on a national securities exchange and meeting listing
requirements


statements on our current expectations and assumptions about future events. While our management considers these expectations and
assumptions to be reasonable
 they are inherently subject to significant business
 economic
 competitive
 regulatory and other
risks and uncertainties
 most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Accordingly
 results
actually achieved may differ materially from expected results in these statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of
the date they are made. You should consider carefully the statements in &ldquo;Item 1A. Risk Factors&rdquo; and other sections
of this report
 which describe factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those set forth in the forward-looking
statements.


place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date of this report. We assume no obligation
to update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this report
other than as may be required by applicable law or regulation. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures
made by us in our reports filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) which attempt
to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business
 financial condition
 results of operation and
cash flows. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize
 or if the underlying assumptions prove incorrect
 our actual
results may vary materially from those expected or projected.




    
    








    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters
 and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Directors
 Executive Officers
 and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
    

    
    
    








    
    









 2016 we closed
on a debt restructuring transaction with our former secured lenders as described below in &ldquo;Debt Restructuring.&rdquo; Following
the transaction
 our focus has been on managing the oil and gas assets in which we continue to have an indirect minority interest.
In addition
 we continue to pursue distressed asset acquisitions in the Bakken and/or Three Forks and other formations that may
be acquired with capital from our existing joint venture partners or other capital providers.


 2012
we changed our name to Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. Our common stock is traded on the OTCQB under the trading symbol &ldquo;ANFC.&rdquo;




 2016
 the
Company entered into an Asset Contribution Agreement with Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company
(&ldquo;BRHC&rdquo;) which was formed by the Company to contribute and assign to BRHC
 all of the Company's (i) oil and gas assets
(including working capital and tangible and intangible assets) (the &ldquo;Assets&rdquo;)
 (ii) outstanding balances under the
credit agreement between the Company
 as borrower
 and Cadence Bank
 N.A. (&ldquo;Cadence&rdquo;)
 as lender (the &ldquo;Cadence
Credit Facility&rdquo;) and the outstanding balances under the credit agreement between the Company
 as borrower
 and affiliates
(specifically
 Chambers Energy Capital II
 LP and CEC II TE
 LLC (collectively
 the &ldquo;Chambers Affiliates&rdquo;)) of Chambers
Energy Management
 LP (&ldquo;Chambers&rdquo;)
 as administrative agent (the &ldquo;Chambers Credit Facility&rdquo;)
 and (iii)
all current liabilities related to the Assets
 in exchange for 5% of the issued and outstanding Class A Units (the &ldquo;Class
A Units&rdquo;) in BRHC (the &ldquo;Asset Contribution&rdquo;). On March 29
 2016
 the Chambers Affiliates entered into a Debt
Contribution Agreement between BRHC and the Chambers Affiliates
 pursuant to which BRHC issued a number of Class A Units representing
95% of the Class A Units of BRHC to the Chambers Affiliates in exchange for the release of BRHC's obligations under the Chambers
Credit Facility (the &ldquo;Satisfaction of Debt&rdquo; and
 together with the Asset Contribution
 the &ldquo;BRHC Transaction&rdquo;).
Concurrent with the Satisfaction of Debt
 each warrant originally issued with the Chambers Credit Facility was automatically retired
and cancelled. The closing of the BRHC Transaction was subject to the Company obtaining the approval of stockholders holding a
majority of its outstanding capital stock and to the Company having assigned the Cadence Credit Agreement to BRHC with Cadence&rsquo;s
consent
 and BRHC and Cadence entering into any applicable amendment agreements related to such assignment and waiver of financial
covenant ratio compliance for the quarter ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015 and quarter ending September 30

June 21
 2016
 the Company satisfied all of these conditions and
 for accounting purposes
 the BRHC Transaction was consummated.
The parties have agreed that the BRHC Transaction
 the Asset Contribution and the Satisfaction of Debt are effective
 for valuation
purposes
 as of April 1
 2016.


A Units of BRHC are set forth in the limited liability company agreement of BRHC (the &ldquo;LLC Agreement&rdquo;)
 which became
effective upon the closing of the BRHC Transaction. All distributions by BRHC of cash or other property
 and whether upon liquidation
or otherwise
 will be made as follows:



    
    

 100%
to the Class A Members
 pro rata
 until each Class A Member has received distributions in aggregate totaling the then Class A
Preference
 which is an amount equal to a 10.0% internal rate of return on the invested capital amount.

    
    

 90% to the Class A Members
pro rata
 and 10% to the Class B Members
 pro rata
 until such time as the aggregate distributions to Chambers equals 250% of the
capital contribution of its Class A Units.

    
    

 80% to the Class A Members
pro rata
 and 20% to the Class B Members
 pro rata.



BRHC Board
 which is responsible for the conduct of the day-to-day business of BRHC and the management
 oversight and disposition
of the assets of BRHC. The BRHC Board is comprised of three managers
 consisting of two managers appointed by Chambers and one
member from the Company.





    
    



 under the
LLC Agreement
 Chambers committed to contribute up to $30 million cash (the &ldquo;Chambers Investment Commitment&rdquo;) to BRHC
in exchange for Class A Units. At Closing
 Chambers funded $10 million (the &ldquo;Initial Chambers Investment&rdquo;) of the Chambers
Investment Commitment
 the proceeds of which were used to reduce outstanding amounts owed by BRHC to Cadence under the Cadence
Credit Facility and for general corporate purposes. The remaining $20 million (the &ldquo;Subsequent Chambers Investment&rdquo;)
subject to certain conditions
 may be called from time to time during the Investment Period by the board of managers of BRHC (the
&ldquo;BRHC Board&rdquo;). The Initial Chambers Investment and any Subsequent Chambers Investment shall serve to proportionately
reduce the Company's Class A Units percentage ownership in BRHC. The investment period shall be the lesser of three years or such
time as the entire Chambers Investment Commitment has been called by the BRHC Board (the &ldquo;Investment Period&rdquo;). Any
portion of Chambers Investment Commitment not called by the BRHC Board prior to the expiration of the Investment Period will be
cancelled. In no event will Chambers be required to make a capital contribution in an amount in excess of its undrawn commitment.


1
000
000 Class B Units in BRHC at the Closing of the BRHC Transaction. At the discretion of the BRHC&rsquo;s Board of Managers
the Company may be granted additional Class B Units in BRHC
 and in turn
 the Company may transfer such Class B Units to certain
members of the Company's management. Subject to certain conditions
 the Class B Units will entitle the holders to participate in
any future distributions of BRHC after distributions equal to the capital contributions and preferred return have been made to
the holders of Class A Units of BRHC.


Transaction
 the Company entered into a Management Services Agreement with BRHC. Under the Management Services Agreement
 the Company
provides services to BRHC with respect to the business operations of BRHC
 including but not limited to locating
 investigating
and analyzing potential non-operator oil and gas projects and day-to-day operations related to such projects. The Company is paid
a fee under the Management Services Agreement intended to cover the costs of providing such services and is reimbursed for certain
third party expenses. The term of the Management Services Agreement commenced on the closing of the BRHC Transaction and continued
indefinitely
 unless terminated. The Management Services Agreement could be cancelled by either party without penalty after January
1
 2017 with a three month notice and is paid in advance at the beginning of each calendar quarter.


Agreement
 Management Services Agreement
 Asset Contribution Agreement
 and Debt Contribution Agreement above do not purport to
be complete and are qualified by reference to the LLC Agreement
 Management Services Agreement
 Asset Contribution Agreement
 and
Debt Contribution Agreement which are filed as exhibits to the Company's Information Statement filed on Form Schedule 14C.

Cancelation of Management Services Agreement
and Sale of BRHC Assets


 2017
 we
were notified by BRHC of their termination of our Management Services Agreement and that they had finalized the sale of
BRHC&rsquo;s oil and gas assets to a third party. On April 3
 BRHC signed a Contribution Agreement that provides for
the transfer of ownership and title of all oil and gas assets held by BRHC in exchange for preferred membership interest in
the acquiring LLC (the &ldquo;BRHC Sale&rdquo;). Consistent with the terms of the Management Services Agreement
 we will be
paid for our management services for the three month period ended June 30
 2017. Additionally
 Chambers Energy Capital II
 LP
and CEC II TE
 LLC 
 have agreed to purchase for cash our 3.88% equity share in BRHC
 which is estimated to be approximately
$1.1 million.




Transaction
 our focus has been managing the oil and gas assets for BRHC in which we continued to have a minority interest. In
addition
 we continue to pursue distressed asset acquisitions in the Bakken and/or Three Forks and other formations that may be
acquired with capital from joint venture partners or other capital providers (our partners).


through identifying and targeting acreage positions with attractive returns on the capital employed by evaluating
 amongst other
factors
 reserve potential
 operator performance
 anticipated well costs and anticipated operating expenses.


connections of our personnel in the Williston Basin region
 we believe that we are able to create value for our partners through
opportunistic acreage acquisitions. We believe our experience enhances our ability to identify and acquire high value acreage in
the Bakken and Three Forks trends. Because we primarily identify minority interests in multiple drilling units
 we are able to
diversify our partners&rsquo; risk across numerous wells. We believe that our prospective success revolves around our ability to
identify and acquire for our partners mineral leases to participate in drilling activities by virtue of their ownership of such
rights and through our experience and the relationships we have developed in the Williston Basin and our experience in managing
those investments for our partners.





    
    


Principal Agreements Affecting Our Ordinary
Business


for our continuing operations take the form of management service agreements
 whereby our partners pay a fee to us for managing
the business operations and day to day-to-day transactions of the business
 and joint venture agreements
 whereby joint ventures
are funded by our partners and we are paid a fee to identify prospective oil and gas related investments for purchase and manage
the day-to-day operations of those assets once purchased. Under the joint venture agreements

certain investor hurdles are met
 the Company will generally receive a share of profits in the joint venture. 



We
currently have 8 full time employees. We may hire additional technical or administrative personnel as appropriate. However
 we
do not expect a significant change in the number of full time employees over the next 12&nbsp;months based upon our currently-projected
business plan. We are using and will continue to use the services of independent consultants and contractors to perform various
professional services for us or on behalf of our partners. We believe that this use of third-party service providers enhances our
ability to contain general and administrative expenses.




located at 110 North Fifth Street
 Suite 410
 Minneapolis
 Minnesota 55403. Our office space consists of approximately 2
786 square
feet leased pursuant to an annual lease agreement that commenced on July 1
 2016.

Financial Information about Segments and
Geographic Areas


our operations into segments or geographic areas.

Available Information &ndash; Reports to
Security Holders


www.blackridgeoil.com. We make available on this website
 free of charge
 our annual reports on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on
Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports after we electronically file those materials with
 or furnish
those materials to
 the SEC. These filings are also available to the public at the SEC&rsquo;s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
NE
 Room 1580
 Washington
 DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling
the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Electronic filings with the SEC are also available on the SEC internet website at www.sec.gov.


our Audit Committee Charter and our Code of Ethics
 in addition to all pertinent company contact information.




We may be unable to obtain the additional
capital or joint venture partners that we need to implement our business plan.


of additional capital through various financing transactions or arrangements
 including joint venturing of projects
 equity financing
or other means. We may not be successful in identifying suitable funding transactions in a sufficient time period or at all
 and
we may not obtain the capital we require by other means. If we do not succeed in raising additional capital
 our resources may
not be sufficient to fund our business.


may incur substantial costs in pursuing future capital financing
 including investment banking fees
 legal fees
 accounting fees
securities law compliance fees
 printing and distribution expenses and other costs. We may also be required to recognize non-cash
expenses in connection with certain securities we may issue
 which may adversely impact our financial condition.





    
    


We are subject
to risks inherent in our partners&rsquo; oil and gas businesses


partners
 and ourselves to the extent we take or receive an equity position in our partners&rsquo; investments
 experience the
risks and volatility inherent with ownership of oil and gas operations. All of these risks could adversely affect their financial
condition and the results of their operations and potentially limit their ability to meet their financial obligations to us and
other parties. Those risks include
 but are not limited to
 the following:



Crude oil
 natural gas and natural gas liquid (NGL&rsquo;s) prices
are very volatile;

Estimates of crude oil and natural gas reserves are based on many
assumptions that may prove inaccurate;

Drilling for oil
 natural gas and NGLs are high risk activities with
many uncertainties;

Sustained decreases in oil and natural gas prices may result in writedowns
in the valuation of oil and natural gas property values;



As a non-operator
 the development of successful operations relies
on third-party operators who
 if not successful
 could have a materially adverse effect on the results of operations;

Derivative activities could result in financial losses or could reduce
cash flows;

Derivative activities could result in exposure to potential regulatory
risks;

Oil and gas operations rely on transportation and processing facilities
and other assets that are owned by third parties;

Seasonal weather conditions may adversely affect third-party operators&rsquo;
ability to conduct operations and drilling activities in areas where properties are located;

Significant capital expenditures will be required to develop properties
and replace reserves;

The timing of development of any undeveloped reserves is in the hands
of third party operators;

The inability of one or more of the operating partners to meet their
obligations to us may adversely affect financial results;

Decommissioning costs are unknown and may be substantial
 and unplanned
costs could divert resources from other projects; and

Federal income tax deductions currently available with respect to
oil and gas exploration and development may be eliminated or deferred as a result of future legislation.

Our net operating
loss carryforwards may be limited under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code by certain changes in the ownership of our company.


(&ldquo;NOL&rdquo;) carryforwards that we may use to offset against taxable income for U.S. federal income tax purposes. At December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016
we had an estimated NOL carryforward of approximately $23.6&nbsp;million for United States federal tax return purposes. However
Section&nbsp;382 of the Internal Revenue Code of&nbsp;1986
 as amended
 may limit the NOLs that we may use in any year for U.S.&nbsp;federal
income tax purposes in the event of certain changes in ownership of our company. Any limitation on our ability to use NOLs could
depending on the extent of such limitation
 result in higher U.S. federal income taxes being paid (and therefore a reduction in
cash) than if such NOLs were available as an offset against such income for U.S.&nbsp;federal income tax reporting purposes. In
addition
 if the limitation under Section&nbsp;382 is triggered
 it could result in a significant charge to earnings in the period
in which it is triggered.

We are highly dependent on Kenneth DeCubellis
our chief executive officer
 and our other executive officers and employees. The loss of one or more of them
 upon whose knowledge
leadership and technical expertise we rely
 would harm our ability to execute our business plan.


success depends heavily upon the continued contributions of Kenneth DeCubellis
 our chief executive officer
 whose knowledge
 leadership
and technical expertise would be difficult to replace
 with the support of James Moe
 our chief financial officer
 and Michael
Eisele
 our chief operating officer. If we were to lose their services
 our ability to execute our business plan would be harmed
and we may be forced to cease operations until such time as we are able to suitably replace them. Any of our executive officers
may terminate their employment with our company at any time.





    
    


We have a limited operating history as
a manager of oil and gas properties for our partners and may not be successful in becoming profitable.


history as a manger of oil and gas properties for our partners. Our business operations must be considered in light of the risks
expenses and difficulties frequently encountered in establishing a business in the crude oil and natural gas industries. There
can be no assurance that our business operations will prove to be successful in the long-term. Our future operating results will
depend on many factors
 including: our ability to raise adequate working capital; our ability to attract and maintain key management
and employees; and our ability to efficiently find investment opportunities for our partners. To sustain profitable operations
in the future
 we must
 alone or with others
 successfully manage these factors
 as well as continue to develop the base of assets
that we manage.

Strategic relationships upon which we
may rely are subject to change
 which may diminish our ability to conduct business.


develop additional assets for our partners under the umbrella that we manage will depend on developing and maintaining close working
relationships with industry participants. Our success will also depend on our ability to select and evaluate suitable properties
for our partners and to consummate transactions in a highly competitive environment. These realities are subject to change and
our inability to maintain close working relationships with industry participants or continue to identify suitable properties may
impair our ability to execute our business plan.


our business
 we will use the business relationships of our management and develop new relationships to enter into strategic relationships.
These relationships may take the form of joint ventures
 joint operating agreements
 referral agreements and other contractual
arrangements with outside individuals and crude oil and natural gas companies. We may not be able to establish these strategic
relationships
 or if established
 we may not be able to maintain them. In addition
 the dynamics of our relationships with strategic
partners may require us to incur expenses or undertake activities that we would not otherwise be inclined to do independent of
these strategic relationships. If sufficient strategic relationships are not established and maintained
 our business prospects
financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.

We may not be able to effectively manage
our growth
 which may harm our profitability.


the expansion of our business. If we fail to effectively manage our growth
 our financial results could be adversely affected.
Growth may place a strain on our management systems and resources. We must continue to refine and expand our business capabilities
our systems and processes and our access to financing sources. As we grow
 we must continue to hire
 train
 supervise and manage
new employees. We cannot assure that we will be able to:









identify and engage qualified employees and consultants
 or retain
valued employees and consultants; or

incorporate effectively the components of any business that we may
acquire in our effort to achieve growth.


we are unable to manage our growth
 our financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.

The Company has limited assets to generate
cash to pay general and administrative expenses.


of the BRHC Transaction
 our principal asset consists of our Class A Unit Membership Interest in BRHC. We were reliant on the
fees under our Management Services Agreement in order to generate revenues until there were distributions related to such interests.
After the BRHC sale
 our assets will be limited to the remaining contractual management fee receivable for the second quarter
of 2017 and our proceeds from Chambers&rsquo; purchase of our equity share in BRHC. We will continue to have general and administrative
expenses to remain a public company and continue with our business plan.





    
    


The Company may become subject to the
requirements of the Investment Company Act of 1940
 which would limit the Company&rsquo;s business operations and require the Company
to spend significant resources to comply with such act.


Act of 1940 (the &ldquo;Investment Company Act&rdquo;) defines an &ldquo;investment company&rdquo; as an issuer that is engaged
in the business of investing
 reinvesting
 owning
 holding or trading in securities and owns investment securities having a value
exceeding 40 percent of the issuer's unconsolidated assets
 excluding cash items and securities issued by the federal government.
Because the value of our interest in BRHC will exceed 40 percent of our unconsolidated assets
 excluding cash and government securities
we may meet this threshold definition of an investment company. However
 the Investment Company Act also excludes from this definition
any person substantially all of whose business consists of owning or holding oil
 gas or other mineral royalties or leases or fractional
interests therein
 or certificates of interest or participation relating to such mineral royalties or leases. We believe that we
may satisfy this oil and gas company exception to the definition of an investment company after consummation of the BRHC Transaction.
If our reliance on the oil and gas company exclusion from the definition of an investment company is misplaced
 we may be in violation
of the Investment Company Act
 the consequences of which can be significant. For example
 investment companies that fail to register
under the Investment Company Act are prohibited from conducting business in interstate commerce
 which includes selling securities
or entering into other contracts in interstate commerce. Section 47(b) of the Investment Company Act provides that a contract made
or whose performance involves
 a violation of the Investment Company Act is unenforceable by either party unless a court finds
that enforcement would produce a more equitable result than non-enforcement. Similarly
 a court may not deny rescission to any
party seeking to rescind a contract that violates the Investment Company Act
 unless the court finds that denial of rescission
would produce more equitable result than granting rescission.


of our business changes such that the oil and gas company exception to the threshold definition of investment company is not available
to us or if we are unable to rely on the oil and gas company exception because our interest in oil and gas interests is indirect
through our ownership in BRHC
 we may be deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act. However
 Rule 3a-2
of the Investment Company Act provides that inadvertent or transient investment companies will not be treated as investment companies
subject to the provisions of the Investment Company Act provided the issuer has the requisite intent to be engaged in a non-investment
business
 evidenced by the issuer&rsquo;s business activities and an appropriate resolution of the issuer&rsquo;s board of directors
within one year from the commencement of the earlier of (1) the date on which the issuer owns securities and/or cash having a value
exceeding 50% of the value of such issuer's total assets on either a consolidated or unconsolidated basis
 or (2) the date on which
an issuer owns or proposes to acquire investment securities (as defined in section 3(a) of the Act) having a value exceeding 40%
of the value of such issuer's total assets (exclusive of government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. If the
Company becomes an inadvertent investment company
 and fails to meet the requirements of the transient investment company exemption
under Rule 3a-2 of the Investment Company Act
 then we will be required to register as an investment company with the SEC.





    
    



an investment company
 both in terms of the restrictions it would have on our company and the cost of compliance
 would be significant.
For example
 in addition to expenses related to initially registering as an investment company
 the Investment Company Act also
imposes various restrictions with regard to our ability to enter into affiliated transactions
 the diversification of our assets
and our ability to borrow money. If we became subject to the Investment Company Act at some point in the future
 our ability to
continue pursuing our business plan would be severely limited.



The market price of our common stock
is
 and is likely to continue to be
 highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations.


common stock is likely to continue to be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a number of factors
some of which are beyond our control
 including but not limited to:



dilution caused by our issuance of additional shares of common stock
and other forms of equity securities
 which we expect to make in connection with future capital financings to fund our operations
and growth
 to attract and retain valuable personnel and in connection with future strategic partnerships with other companies;





changes in the valuation of similarly situated companies
 both in
our industry and in other industries;





changes in analysts&rsquo; estimates affecting our company
 our competitors
and/or our industry;

changes in the accounting methods used in or otherwise affecting our
industry;



fluctuations in interest rates and the availability of capital in
the capital markets; and

significant sales of our common stock
 including sales by selling
shareholders following the registration of shares under a prospectus.


are largely beyond our control
 and the impact of these risks
 singly or in the aggregate
 may result in material adverse changes
to the market price of our common stock and our results of operations and financial condition.

Our operating results may fluctuate significantly
and these fluctuations may cause the price of our common stock to decline.


likely vary in the future primarily as the result of fluctuations in our revenues and operating expenses
 including the expenses
that we incur and other factors. If our results of operations do not meet the expectations of current or potential investors
 the
price of our common stock may decline.

Shareholders will experience dilution
upon the exercise of outstanding warrants and options and issuance of common stock under our incentive plans.


&nbsp;2016
we had options for 7
143
500 shares of common stock outstanding under our 2012&nbsp;Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan and
options for an additional 3
813
500 shares of common stock outstanding under our 2016 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan. If the holders
of outstanding options exercise those options or our compensation committee or full board of directors determines to grant additional
stock awards under our incentive plan
 shareholders may experience dilution in the net tangible book value of our common stock.
Further
 the sale or availability for sale of the underlying shares in the marketplace as a result of the exercise of existing
options and the grant of additional options could depress our stock price.

We do not expect to pay dividends in
the foreseeable future.


dividends for the foreseeable future
 as we anticipate that we will reinvest any future earnings in the development and growth
of our business. In addition
 debt arrangements we may enter into in the future will likely preclude us from paying dividends.
Therefore
 investors will not receive any funds unless they sell their common stock
 and shareholders may be unable to sell their
shares on favorable terms or at all. Investors cannot be assured of a positive return on investment or that they will not lose
the entire amount of their investment in our common stock.





    
    


We may issue additional stock without
shareholder consent.


has authority
 without action or vote of the shareholders
 to issue all or part of our authorized but unissued shares. Additional
shares may be issued in connection with future financing
 acquisitions
 employee stock plans
 or otherwise. Any such issuance will
dilute the percentage ownership of existing shareholders. We are also currently authorized to issue up to 20
000
000&nbsp;shares
of preferred stock. The board of directors can issue preferred stock in one or more series and fix the terms of such stock without
shareholder approval. Preferred stock may include the right to vote as a series on particular matters
 preferences as to dividends
and liquidation
 conversion and redemption rights and sinking fund provisions. The issuance of preferred stock could adversely
affect the rights of the holders of common stock and reduce the value of the common stock. In addition
 specific rights granted
to holders of preferred stock could discourage
 delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company
 even
if doing so would benefit our shareholders. Such issuance could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you
and other shareholders to elect directors of your choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions you desire.

There is currently a limited trading
market for our common stock and we cannot ensure that one will ever develop or be sustained.


a significant liquid trading market for our common stock. We cannot predict how liquid the market for our common stock might become.
We currently do not satisfy the initial listing standards for any major securities exchange
 although we intend to apply for such
an exchange listing when we are able. Currently our common stock is traded on the OTCQB. Should we fail to remain traded on the
OTCQB or not be able to be traded on the OTCQB
 the trading price of our common stock could suffer
 the trading market for our
common stock may be less liquid and our common stock price may be subject to increased volatility. Furthermore
 for companies whose
securities are quoted on the OTCQB
 it may be more difficult (i) to obtain accurate quotations
 (ii) to obtain coverage for significant
news events because major wire services generally do not publish press releases about such companies and (iii) to obtain needed
capital.

Offers or availability for sale of a
substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline.


substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market
 or upon the expiration of any statutory holding period under Rule&nbsp;144
or issued upon the exercise of outstanding options or warrants
 it could create a circumstance commonly referred to as an &ldquo;overhang&rdquo;
and in anticipation of which the market price of our common stock could fall. The existence of an overhang
 whether or not sales
have occurred or are occurring
 also could hinder our ability to raise additional financing through the sale of equity or equity-related
securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate.












located at 110 North Fifth Street
 Suite 410
 Minneapolis
 Minnesota 55403. Our office space consists of approximately 2
786 square
feet leased pursuant to an annual lease agreement that commenced on July 1
 2016.




any significant product research and development under our plan of operation.




any delivery commitments under our plan of operation.






    
    




From
time to time
 we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business.
However
 litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties
 and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to
time that may harm our business. We are not presently a party to any material litigation
 nor to the knowledge of management is
any litigation threatened against us
 which may materially affect us


















    
    




ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON
EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
 AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES




currently quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol &ldquo;ANFC.&rdquo; The range of high and low bid information for each fiscal
quarter during 2016 and 2015 are set forth below:



    
    

    
    
    


 2016
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2015
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



inter-dealer prices
 without retail markup
 mark-down
 or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. The
closing price of our common stock on the OTCQB on April 3
 2017 was $0.0410 per share.


 2017
 there were approximately 1
900 record holders of our common stock
 not including shares held in &ldquo;street
name&rdquo; in brokerage accounts which is unknown. As of April 3
 2017
 there were 47
979
990 shares of common
stock outstanding on record.




paid any dividends on our common stock since our inception and do not anticipate paying dividends for the foreseeable future. The
payment of dividends is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and will depend
 among other things
 upon our earnings
our capital requirements
 our financial condition
 and other relevant factors. We intend to reinvest any earnings in the development
and expansion of our business. Any cash dividends in the future to common shareholders will be payable when
 as and if declared
by our board of directors
 based upon the board&rsquo;s assessment of our financial condition and performance
 earnings
 need for
funds
 capital requirements
 prior claims of preferred stock to the extent issued and outstanding
 and other factors
 including
income tax consequences
 restrictions and applicable laws. There can be no assurance
 therefore
 that any dividends on our common
stock will ever be paid.

Equity Compensation Plan
Information


&nbsp;2012
the 2012&nbsp;Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (the 2012 Plan) was approved by our Board and the holders of a majority
of our outstanding shares
 replacing the Ante5
&nbsp;Inc. 2010&nbsp;Stock Incentive Plan. Amongst other things
 the 2012 Plan increased
the number of shares reserved under the Plan to a total of 7
500
000 shares of our common stock. The following table sets forth
certain information regarding the 2012 Plan as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016:



    
 issued upon exercise of 
outstanding stock options
    
    
 price of outstanding
 stock options
    
    
 available for future issuance
 under the 2012 Plan

7
143
500
    
    
    
296
500






    
    



December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and&nbsp;2015
 we issued a total of 100
000 and 1
000
000 stock options
 respectively
 pursuant to
the 2012 Plan. There were 12
000 and 1
153
334 options cancelled during the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and&nbsp;2015
respectively.


&nbsp;2016
the 2016&nbsp;Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (&ldquo;the 2016 Plan&rdquo;) was approved by our Board. Amongst other things
 the
2016 Plan authorized a total of 3
813
500 shares of our common stock. The following table sets forth certain information regarding
our 2016&nbsp;Plan as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016:



    
issued upon exercise of 
outstanding stock options
    
    
 price of outstanding stock 
options
    
    
 available for future issuance
 under the 2016 Plan

3
813
500
    
    
    
    



December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and&nbsp;2015
 we issued a total of 3
813
500 and -0- stock options
 respectively
 pursuant to our
2016 Plan. There were no options cancelled under the 2016 Plan during the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015.




to purchase shares of registered or unregistered common stock for the fiscal years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and&nbsp;2015.
There were 8
548
375 and 585
000&nbsp;warrants forfeited or expired during the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and&nbsp;2015
respectively. No warrants are outstanding as of December 31
 2016




during the fiscal year ending December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 in transactions exempt from registration that were not previously included
in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in a Current Report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed by us with the SEC.

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL
DATA.
























    
    


ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and notes to those statements. In addition to historical information
the following discussion and other parts of this annual report contain forward-looking information that involves risks and uncertainties.




 2016
we closed on a debt restructuring transaction with our secured lenders as described below in &ldquo;Debt
Restructuring.&rdquo; Additionally
 on April 3
 2017
 we were informed by our former secured lenders of the upcoming
sale of the assets which we had contributed in the debt restructuring transaction. Following the debt restructuring
transaction
 our focus had been on managing the oil and gas assets in which we continued to have an indirect minority
interest
 for which we earned a management services fee. We will continue to earn our management services fee related to
these assets through June 30
 2017. In addition
 we continue to pursue distressed asset acquisitions in the Bakken and/or
Three Forks and other formations that may be acquired with capital from joint venture partners or other capital
providers.


 2012
we changed our name to Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. Our common stock is still quoted on the OTCQB under the trading symbol &ldquo;ANFC.&rdquo;




 2016
 the
Company entered into an Asset Contribution Agreement with Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company
(&ldquo;BRHC&rdquo;) which was formed by the Company to contribute and assign to BRHC
 all of the Company's (i) oil and gas assets
(including working capital and tangible and intangible assets) (the &ldquo;Assets&rdquo;)
 (ii) outstanding balances under the
credit agreement between the Company
 as borrower
 and Cadence Bank
 N.A. (&ldquo;Cadence&rdquo;)
 as lender (the &ldquo;Cadence
Credit Facility&rdquo;) and the outstanding balances under the credit agreement between the Company
 as borrower
 and affiliates
(specifically
 Chambers Energy Capital II
 LP and CEC II TE
 LLC (collectively
 the &ldquo;Chambers Affiliates&rdquo;)) of Chambers
Energy Management
 LP (&ldquo;Chambers&rdquo;)
 as administrative agent (the &ldquo;Chambers Credit Facility&rdquo;)
 and (iii)
all current liabilities related to the Assets
 in exchange for 5% of the issued and outstanding Class A Units (the &ldquo;Class
A Units&rdquo;) in BRHC (the &ldquo;Asset Contribution&rdquo;). On March 29
 2016
 the Chambers Affiliates entered into a Debt
Contribution Agreement between BRHC and the Chambers Affiliates
 pursuant to which BRHC issued a number of Class A Units representing
95% of the Class A Units of BRHC to the Chambers Affiliates in exchange for the release of BRHC's obligations under the Chambers
Credit Facility (the &ldquo;Satisfaction of Debt&rdquo; and
 together with the Asset Contribution
 the &ldquo;BRHC Transaction&rdquo;).
Concurrent with the Satisfaction of Debt
 each warrant originally issued with the Chambers Credit Facility was automatically retired
and cancelled. The closing of the BRHC Transaction was subject to the Company obtaining the approval of stockholders holding a
majority of its outstanding capital stock and to the Company having assigned the Cadence Credit Agreement to BRHC with Cadence&rsquo;s
consent
 and BRHC and Cadence entering into any applicable amendment agreements related to such assignment and waiver of financial
covenant ratio compliance for the quarter ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015 and quarter ending September 30

June 21
 2016
 the Company satisfied all of these conditions and
 for accounting purposes
 the BRHC Transaction was consummated.
The parties have agreed that the BRHC Transaction
 the Asset Contribution and the Satisfaction of Debt are effective
 for valuation
purposes
 as of April 1
 2016.


A Units of BRHC are set forth in the limited liability company agreement of BRHC (the &ldquo;LLC Agreement&rdquo;)
 which became
effective upon the closing of the BRHC Transaction. All distributions by BRHC of cash or other property
 and whether upon liquidation
or otherwise
 will be made as follows:


 100% to the Class A Members
pro rata
 until each Class A Member has received distributions in aggregate totaling the then Class A Preference
 which is an amount
equal to a 10.0% internal rate of return on the invested capital amount.

 90% to the Class A Members
pro rata
 and 10% to the Class B Members
 pro rata
 until such time as the aggregate distributions to Chambers equals 250% of the
capital contribution of its Class A Units.

 80% to the Class A Members
pro rata
 and 20% to the Class B Members
 pro rata.


BRHC Board
 which is responsible for the conduct of the day-to-day business of BRHC and the management
 oversight and disposition
of the assets of BRHC. The BRHC Board is comprised of three managers
 consisting of two managers appointed by Chambers and one
member from the Company.





    
    



 under the
LLC Agreement
 Chambers committed to contribute up to $30 million cash (the &ldquo;Chambers Investment Commitment&rdquo;) to BRHC
in exchange for Class A Units. At Closing
 Chambers funded $10 million (the &ldquo;Initial Chambers Investment&rdquo;) of the Chambers
Investment Commitment
 the proceeds of which were used to reduce outstanding amounts owed by BRHC to Cadence under the Cadence
Credit Facility and for general corporate purposes. The remaining $20 million (the &ldquo;Subsequent Chambers Investment&rdquo;)
subject to certain conditions
 may be called from time to time during the Investment Period by the board of managers of BRHC (the
&ldquo;BRHC Board&rdquo;). The Initial Chambers Investment and any Subsequent Chambers Investment shall serve to proportionately
reduce the Company's Class A Units percentage ownership in BRHC. The investment period shall be the lesser of three years or such
time as the entire Chambers Investment Commitment has been called by the BRHC Board (the &ldquo;Investment Period&rdquo;). Any
portion of Chambers Investment Commitment not called by the BRHC Board prior to the expiration of the Investment Period will be
cancelled. In no event will Chambers be required to make a capital contribution in an amount in excess of its undrawn commitment.


1
000
000 Class B Units in BRHC at the Closing of the BRHC Transaction. At the discretion of the BRHC&rsquo;s Board of Managers
the Company may be granted additional Class B Units in BRHC
 and in turn
 the Company may transfer such Class B Units to certain
members of the Company's management. Subject to certain conditions
 the Class B Units will entitle the holders to participate in
any future distributions of BRHC after distributions equal to the capital contributions and preferred return have been made to
the holders of Class A Units of BRHC.


Transaction
 the Company entered into a Management Services Agreement with BRHC. Under the Management Services Agreement
 the Company
provides services to BRHC with respect to the business operations of BRHC
 including but not limited to locating
 investigating
and analyzing potential non-operator oil and gas projects and day-to-day operations related to such projects. The Company is paid
a fee under the Management Services Agreement intended to cover the costs of providing such services and is reimbursed for certain
third party expenses. The term of the Management Services Agreement commenced on the closing of the BRHC Transaction and continued
indefinitely
 unless terminated. The Management Services Agreement could be cancelled by either party without penalty after January
1
 2017 with a three month notice and is paid in advance at the beginning of each calendar quarter.


Agreement
 Management Services Agreement
 Asset Contribution Agreement
 and Debt Contribution Agreement above do not purport to
be complete and are qualified by reference to the LLC Agreement
 Management Services Agreement
 Asset Contribution Agreement
and Debt Contribution Agreement which are filed as exhibits to the Company's Information Statement filed on Form Schedule 14C.

Cancelation of Management Services Agreement
and Sale of BRHC Assets


 2017
 we
were notified by BRHC of their termination of our Management Services Agreement and that they had finalized the sale of
BRHC&rsquo;s oil and gas assets to a third party. On April 3
 BRHC signed a Contribution Agreement that provides for
the transfer of ownership and title of all oil and gas assets held by BRHC in exchange for preferred membership interest in
the acquiring LLC (the &ldquo;BRHC Sale&rdquo;). Consistent with the terms of the Management Services Agreement
 we will be
paid for our management services for the three month period ended June 30
 2017. Additionally
 Chambers Energy Capital II
 LP
and CEC II TE
 LLC 
 have agreed to purchase for cash our 3.88% equity share in BRHC
 which is estimated to be approximately
$1.1 million.





Under
our structure following our debt restructuring
 our revenues from continuing operations consist of management fees
 which we began
earning on June 21
 2016
 the date of the restructuring. Our management services agreement with BRHC included management services
fees amounting to $500
000 per quarter. No management fees were earned by the Company in the year ended December 31
 2015.

General
and administrative expenses from continuing operations were $2
513
152 for the year ended December 31
 2016 as compared to $2
602
442
in the year ended December 31
 2015.





    
    





of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements
 which have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires
us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 and related
disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis
 we evaluate our estimates
 including those related to impairment
of property
 plant and equipment
 intangible assets
 deferred tax assets and fair value computation using the Black Scholes option
pricing model. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions
 such as the trading value of our
common stock and estimated future undiscounted cash flows
 that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results
of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from
other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe that our estimates
including those for the above-described items
 are reasonable.




application of accounting policies is a vital component of accurately and fairly presenting our financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP)
 as well as ensuring compliance with applicable laws
and regulations governing financial reporting. While there are rarely alternative methods or rules from which to select in establishing
accounting and financial reporting policies
 proper application often involves significant judgment regarding a given set of facts
and circumstances and a complex series of decisions.




recognized for temporary differences in financial statement and tax basis amounts that will result in deductible amounts and carry-forwards
in future years. Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for temporary differences that will result in taxable amounts in future
years. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax law and tax rate(s) for the year in which we expect the
temporary differences to be deducted or settled. The effect of a change in tax law or rates on the valuation of deferred tax assets
and liabilities is recognized in income in the period of enactment. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
Significant future taxable income would be required to realize this net tax asset.


the valuation allowance is dependent on estimates of future taxable income
 alternative minimum tax income
 and changes in shareholder
ownership that would trigger limits on use of net operating losses under Internal Revenue Code Section 382.





    
    





investments
 accounts receivable and accounts payable are stated at cost which approximates fair value due to the short-term nature
of these instruments. In January&nbsp;2010
 the FASB issued an amendment to the accounting standards related to the disclosures
about an entity&rsquo;s use of fair value measurements. Among these amendments
 entities are required to provide enhanced disclosures
about transfers into and out of the Level&nbsp;1 (fair value determined based on quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets and liabilities) and Level&nbsp;2 (fair value determined based on significant other observable inputs) classifications
provide separate disclosures about purchases
 sales
 issuances and settlements relating to the tabular reconciliation of beginning
and ending balances of the Level&nbsp;3 (fair value determined based on significant unobservable inputs) classification and provide
greater disaggregation for each class of assets and liabilities that use fair value measurements.




principles generally accepted in the United States
 management utilizes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 as well
as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Results of Operations for the Years Ended
December 31
 2016 and 2015.


selected items from the statement of operations for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and&nbsp;2015.



    



    
    
    

    
1
049
451
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
324
569
1
303
266

    
626
602
623
700

    
152
413
200
587

    
409
568
474
889

    
2
513
152
2
602
442

    
14
271
16
295

    
2
527
423
2
618
737

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
13
398

    
41
621
150
    

    
41
621
150
13
398

    
    
    

    
40
143
178
(2
605
339

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of income taxes
40
143
178
(2
605
339

    
    
    


 net of income taxes
(10
197
374
(67
731
696

    
    
    

    
29
945
804
(70
337
035






    
    





fees of $1
049
451 earned for the period from the completion of the BRHC transaction on June 21
 2016 through December 31
 2016.
The Company earned no management fees during the year ended December 31
 2015.






the year ended December 31
 2016 were $1
324
569 compared to $1
303
266 for year ended December
 2015
 an increase of $21
303
or 2%. The increase in salaries and benefits was primarily due to salary increases during the year ended December 31
 2015 that
were in effect for the full year in 2016. There were no base salary increases in 2016.




for the year ended December 31
 2016 was $626
602 compared to $623
700 for year ended December
 2015
 an increase of $2
902. The
increase was attributed to options granted towards the end of 2015 which were amortized for a full year in 2016 and 2016 options
granted in December of 2016. The increased option amortization from option grants was offset by decreased amortization as certain
option valuations became fully amortized during the periods.




expenses related to professional services from continuing operations decreased were $152
413 for 2016 compared $200
587 for 2015
a decrease of $48
174 or 24%. The decrease primarily relates to decreased accounting and legal services due to the simplified structure
of the company.




expenses for the year ended December 31
 2016 were $409
568 compared to $474
889 for year ended December
 2015
 a decrease of $65
321
or 14%. The decrease is attributable to decreased travel
 meals and entertainment
 investor relations and office costs under the
more simplified structure subsequent to the debt restructuring.




the year ended December 31
 2016 was $14
271
 compared to $16
295 for year ended December 31
 2015.




or benefit from continuing operations in both the year ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 as the Company continues to reserve against
any deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty of realization of any benefit.




on June 21
 2016
 the oil and gas operations and related debt were contributed to BRHC as part of a debt restructuring.


of $10
197
374 during the period from January 1
 2016 through June 21
 2016 related to the assets and liabilities contributed to
BRHC. The loss from discontinued operations of $10
197
374 in 2016 consisted of revenues of $2
293
903
 including $5
539
613 of
oil and gas sales
 reduced by net losses of $3
245
710 related to derivatives. Expenses from discontinued operations in 2016 included
a $5
219
000 impairment write-down on the Company&rsquo;s oil and gas assets
 $1
400
639 of production expenses
 $568
028 of production
taxes
 $476
461 of general and administrative expenses directly related to the oil and gas assets and debt contributed to BRHC
$3
114
347 of depletion
 $16
258 of accretion of the discount on asset retirement obligations and $1
696
544 of interest expense.





    
    



of $67
731
696 during the year ended December 31
 2015 related to the assets and liabilities contributed to BRHC. The loss from
discontinued operations of $67
731
696 in 2015 consisted of revenues of $20
156
937 including $15
104
629 of oil and gas sales
and net gains of $5
052
308 related derivatives. Expenses from discontinued operations included $71
272
000 of impairment write-downs
on the Company&rsquo;s oil and gas assets
 $3
767
444 of production expenses
 $1
574
110 of production taxes
 $421
189 of general
and administrative expenses directly related to the oil and gas assets and debt contributed to BRHC
 $9
278
108 of depletion
 $32
574
of accretion of the discount on asset retirement obligations and $8
136
248 of interest expense. Additionally the Company had an
income tax benefit of $6
593
040 during the year ended December 31
 2015 resulting from the Company&rsquo;s loss of $74
324
736
from discontinued operations before the provision for income taxes.




our total current assets
 liabilities and working capital at December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and&nbsp;2015.



    



    
    
    

    
153
926
6
457
840

    
    
    

    
36
561
68
312
897

    
    
    

    
117
365
(61
855
057



&nbsp;2016 we had positive
working capital of $117
365.


our cash flows during the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and&nbsp;2015
 respectively.



    



    
    
    

    
2
953
124
15
620
168

    
(4
765
049
(20
586
656

    
1
650
000
5
100
000

    
    
    

    
(161
925
133
512



operations are primarily affected by production volumes and commodity prices. Net cash provided by operating activities was $2
953
124
and $15
620
168 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and&nbsp;2015
 respectively
 a decrease of $12
667
044. The decrease
was due primarily to cash provided from operating activities of discontinued operations. Cash provided from operating activities
of discontinued operations was $3
827
209 and $17
602
680
 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 the decrease
driven by gains on settled derivatives ($11
477
653 in 2015 compared to $1
043
026 in 2016)
 lower commodity prices and a shortened
period in 2016 due to the restructuring on June 21
 2016.


activities was $4
765
049 and $20
586
656 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 a decrease of
$16
091
607. Nearly all of our investing activity in both periods was derived from discontinued operations. We paid $4
858
134
for well development during the 2016 period while in the 2015 period we spent $20
611
076 for well development. Additionally
 the
decrease in cash used in investing activities was attributable to a decrease in cash spent for property acquisition as we purchased
no property during the year ended December 31
 2016 as compared to purchasing 9 net leasehold acres of oil and gas properties for
$102
928 in the year ended December 31
 2015. In the year ended December 31
 2016 we sold 14 net leasehold acres for proceeds of
$94
628
 while in the comparable 2015 period we sold 14 net leasehold acres and three wellbores for proceeds of $127
348. In the
year ended December 31
 2016 we purchased equipment for $1
543.


financing was $1
650
000 and $5
100
000 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and 2015
 respectively
 all due to
borrowings for discontinued operations.





    
    



Developments
&rdquo; on March 29
 2016
 the Company entered into an Asset Contribution Agreement with Black Ridge Holding Company
LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company (&ldquo;BRHC&rdquo;) which was formed by the Company to contribute and assign to BRHC
all of the Company's (i) oil and gas assets (including working capital and tangible and intangible assets) (the &ldquo;Assets&rdquo;)
(ii) outstanding balances under that certain Credit Agreement between the Company
 as borrower
 and Cadence Bank
 N.A. (&ldquo;Cadence&rdquo;)
as lender (the &ldquo;Cadence Credit Facility&rdquo;) and the outstanding balances under the credit agreement between the Company
as borrower
 and affiliates (specifically
 Chambers Energy Capital II
 LP and CEC II TE
 LLC (collectively
 the &ldquo;Chambers
Affiliates&rdquo;)) of Chambers Energy Management
 LP (&ldquo;Chambers&rdquo;)
 as administrative agent (the &ldquo;Chambers Credit
Facility&rdquo;)
 and (iii) all current liabilities related to the Assets
 in exchange for 5% of the issued and outstanding Class
A Units (the &ldquo;Class A Units&rdquo;) in BRHC (the &ldquo;Asset Contribution&rdquo;). On March 29
 2016
 the Chambers Affiliates
entered into a Debt Contribution Agreement between BRHC and the Chambers Affiliates
 pursuant to which BRHC issued a number of
Class A Units representing 95% of the Class A Units of BRHC to the Chambers Affiliates in exchange for the release of BRHC's obligations
under the Chambers Credit Facility (the &ldquo;Satisfaction of Debt&rdquo; and
 together with the Asset Contribution
 the &ldquo;BRHC
Transaction&rdquo;). Concurrent with the Satisfaction of Debt
 each warrant originally issued with the Chambers Credit Facility
was automatically retired and cancelled. The closing of the BRHC Transaction was subject to the Company obtaining the approval
of stockholders holding a majority of its outstanding capital stock and to the Company having assigned the Cadence Credit Agreement
to BRHC with Cadence&rsquo;s consent
 and BRHC and Cadence entering into any applicable amendment agreements related to such assignment
and waiver of financial covenant ratio compliance for the quarter ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015 and quarter ending September
30

 2016
 the Company satisfied all of these conditions and
 for accounting purposes
the BRHC Transaction was consummated. The parties have agreed that the BRHC Transaction
 the Asset Contribution and the Satisfaction
of Debt are effective
 for valuation purposes
 as of April 1
 2016.


A Units of BRHC are set forth in the limited liability company agreement of BRHC (the &ldquo;LLC Agreement&rdquo;)
 which became
effective upon the closing of the BRHC Transaction. All distributions by BRHC of cash or other property
 and whether upon liquidation
or otherwise
 will be made as follows:



    
    

 100% to the Class A Members
pro rata
 until each Class A Member has received distributions in aggregate totaling the then Class A Preference
 which is an amount
equal to a 10.0% internal rate of return on the invested capital amount.

    
    

 90% to the Class A Members
pro rata
 and 10% to the Class B Members
 pro rata
 until such time as the aggregate distributions to Chambers equals 250% of the
capital contribution of its Class A Units.

    
    

 80% to the Class A Members
pro rata
 and 20% to the Class B Members
 pro rata.



BRHC Board
 which will be responsible for the conduct of the day-to-day business of BRHC and the management
 oversight and disposition
of the assets of BRHC. The initial BRHC Board is comprised of three managers
 consisting of two managers appointed by Chambers
and one member from the Company.


 under the
LLC Agreement
 Chambers committed to contribute up to $30 million cash (the &ldquo;Chambers Investment Commitment&rdquo;) to BRHC
in exchange for Class A Units. At Closing
 Chambers funded $10 million (the &ldquo;Initial Chambers Investment&rdquo;) of the Chambers
Investment Commitment
 the proceeds of which were used to reduce outstanding amounts owed by BRHC to Cadence under the Cadence
Credit Facility and for general corporate purposes. The remaining $20 million (the &ldquo;Subsequent Chambers Investment&rdquo;)
subject to certain conditions
 may be called from time to time during the Investment Period by the board of managers of BRHC (the
&ldquo;BRHC Board&rdquo;). The Initial Chambers Investment and any Subsequent Chambers Investment shall serve to proportionately
reduce the Company's Class A Units percentage ownership in BRHC. The investment period shall be the lesser of three years or such
time as the entire Chambers Investment Commitment has been called by the BRHC Board (the &ldquo;Investment Period&rdquo;). Any
portion of Chambers Investment Commitment not called by the BRHC Board prior to the expiration of the Investment Period will be
cancelled. In no event will Chambers be required to make a capital contribution in an amount in excess of its undrawn commitment.





    
    



1
000
000 Class B Units in BRHC at the Closing of the BRHC Transaction. At the discretion of the BRHC&rsquo;s Board of Managers
the Company may be granted additional Class B Units in BRHC
 and in turn
 the Company may transfer such Class B Units to certain
members of the Company's management. Subject to certain conditions
 the Class B Units will entitle the holders to participate in
any future distributions of BRHC after distributions equal to the capital contributions and preferred return have been made to
the holders of Class A Units of BRHC.


Transaction
 the Company entered into a Management Services Agreement with BRHC. Under the Management Services Agreement
 the Company
provides services to BRHC with respect to the business operations of BRHC
 including but not limited to locating
 investigating
and analyzing potential non-operator oil and gas projects and day-to-day operations related to such projects. The Company is paid
a fee under the Management Services Agreement intended to cover the costs of providing such services and is reimbursed for certain
third party expenses. The term of the Management Services Agreement commenced on the closing of the BRHC Transaction and continued
indefinitely
 unless terminated. The Management Services Agreement could be cancelled by either party without penalty after January
1
 2017 with a three month notice and is paid in advance at the beginning of each calendar quarter.


Agreement
 Management Services Agreement
 Asset Contribution Agreement
 and Debt Contribution Agreement above do not purport to
be complete and are qualified by reference to the LLC Agreement
 Management Services Agreement
 Asset Contribution Agreement
 and
Debt Contribution Agreement which are filed as exhibits to the Company's Information Statement filed on Form Schedule 14C.

Cancelation of Management Services Agreement
and Sale of BRHC Assets


 2017
 we
were notified by BRHC of their termination of our Management Services Agreement and that they had finalized the sale of
BRHC&rsquo;s oil and gas assets to a third party. On April 3
 BRHC signed a Contribution Agreement that provides for
the transfer of ownership and title of all oil and gas assets held by BRHC in exchange for preferred membership interest in
the acquiring LLC (the &ldquo;BRHC Sale&rdquo;). Consistent with the terms of the Management Services Agreement
 we will be
paid for our management services for the three month period ended June 30
 2017. Additionally
 Chambers Energy Capital II
 LP
and CEC II TE
 LLC 
 have agreed to purchase for cash our 3.88% equity share in BRHC
 which is estimated to be approximately
$1.1 million.

Senior Credit Facility and Subordinated
Credit Facilities


 as
borrower
 entered into a Credit Agreement dated August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2013 and amendments thereto dated December&nbsp;13
 2013
March&nbsp;24
 2014
 April&nbsp;21
&nbsp;2014
 September&nbsp;11
&nbsp;2014
 March&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015 and August 10
2015 (as amended
) with Cadence Bank
 N.A. (&ldquo;Cadence&rdquo;)
 as
lender (the &ldquo;Senior Credit Facility&rdquo;). Under the terms of the Senior Credit Agreement
 a senior secured revolving
line of credit in the maximum aggregate principal amount of $50&nbsp;million is available from time to time (i) for direct
investment in oil and gas properties
 (ii) for general working capital purposes
 including the issuance of letters of credit
and (iii) to refinance the then existing debt under the Company&rsquo;s former credit facility.


maturity date of August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2016
 was subsequently amended to January&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2017 pursuant to the amendment on
March&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015 The Senior Credit Facility was secured by first priority interests in mortgages on substantially all of
the Company&rsquo;s assets
 including but not limited to the Company&rsquo;s mineral interests in North Dakota and Montana.


outline in Note 3 &ndash; Debt Restructuring
 the Company transferred the obligation with a balance outstanding of $29
400
000
under the Senior Credit Facility to BRHC. The Company had borrowings of $27.75&nbsp;million outstanding under the Senior Credit
Agreement as of December 31
 2015.




 as
borrower
 entered into a Second Lien Credit Agreement dated August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2013 and amendments thereto dated
December&nbsp;13
 2013
 March&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2014
 April&nbsp;21
 2014
 September&nbsp;11
&nbsp;2014
March&nbsp;30
 2015
 and August 10
 2015 (as amended
 the &ldquo;Subordinated Credit Agreement&rdquo;) by and among the
Company
 as borrower
 Chambers Energy Management
 LP
 as administrative agent (&ldquo;Chambers&rdquo;)
 and the several other
lenders named therein (the &ldquo;Subordinated Credit Facility&rdquo;). Under the Subordinated Credit Facility
 term loans in
the aggregate principal amount of up to $75 million were available from time to time (i) to repay the Previous Credit
Facility
 (ii) for fees and closing costs in connection with both the Senior Credit Facility and the Subordinated Credit
Facility (together
 the &ldquo;Credit Facilities&rdquo;)
 and (iii) general corporate purposes.





    
    



Agreement provided initial commitment availability of $25&nbsp;million
 which was subsequently amended to the current availability
of $30&nbsp;million
 with the remaining commitments subject to the approval of Chambers and other customary conditions.


Facility was to mature on June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2017. The Subordinated Credit Facility was secured by second priority interests on
substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s assets
 including but not limited to second priority mortgages on the Company&rsquo;s
mineral interests in North Dakota and Montana.


the Subordinated Credit Facility occurred on September&nbsp;9
&nbsp;2013 at which time we drew $14
700
000
 net of a $300
000 original
issue discount
 from the Subordinated Credit Agreement and used $10
226
057 of those proceeds to repay and terminate a previously
outstanding revolving credit facility. We had drawn an additional $14
700
000
 net of $300
000 original issue discounts
 through
December 31
 2015. The Company had borrowings of $30.0&nbsp;million outstanding under the Subordinated Credit Facility as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015.
The obligations under the Subordinated Credit Facility
 $30.0 million of principal and $2
931
369 of PIK interest payable
 were
transferred to BRHC and converted to equity in BRHC as part of the debt restructuring outlined in Note 3- Debt Restructuring.




compliance with the collateral coverage ratio covenant as of March 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015 and the current ratio covenant
as defined by the Subordinated Credit Facility as of March 31
 2016. Additionally
 the audit report the Company received with respect
to its financial statements as of December 31
 2015 contains an explanatory paragraph expressing uncertainty as to the Company&rsquo;s
ability to continue as a going concern
 the delivery of which constitutes a default under both its Senior Credit Facility and Subordinated
Credit Facility.  The Company received a waiver for all debt
covenants as of December 31
 2015 and March 31
 2016 as part of the debt restructuring outlined in Note 3 &ndash; Debt Restructuring.

Debt Discount
 Detachable Warrants


Subordinated Credit Facility
 the Company issued to the lenders detachable warrants to purchase up to 5
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock at an exercise price of $0.65 per share. The warrants were cancelled as a part of the BRHC transaction.


had been allocated between the debt and equity based on the relative fair values of the warrants at the time of issuance
 resulting
in a debt discount of $2
473
576 at issuance that was presented as a debt discount on the balance sheet and was being amortized
using the effective interest method over the life of the credit facility. A total of $-0- and $1
645
749 was amortized during the
year ended December 31
 2016 and 2015. The remaining unamortized balance of the debt discount attributable to the warrants
is $-0- as of December 31
&nbsp;2016. The amortization of the debt discount attributable to the warrants was accelerated in 2015
to fully amortize the discount as of December 31
 2015 when the related debt became payable on demand due to a default on the related
debt.

Satisfaction of our cash obligations
for the next 12 months


&nbsp;2016
our balance of cash and cash equivalents was $66
269. Our plan for satisfying our cash requirements for the next twelve months
is through the fees earned through the remaining term of our management agreement
 proceeds from the Chambers&rsquo; purchase
of our interest in BRHC
 and through additional management service fees generated from new partners.





    
    





effects from inflation and pricing.




our obligations and commitments as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 to make future payments under certain contracts
 aggregated by
category of obligation
 for specified time periods:



    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
30
000
    
    
    
30
000

    
22
450
    
    
    
22
450

    
52
450
    
    
    
52
450


Summary of product and research and development that we will
perform for the term of our plan


significant research and development expenditures in the future.




purchase or sale of any plant or significant equipment as such items are not required by us at this time.




&nbsp;2016
we had eight employees
 our chief executive officer
 Kenneth DeCubellis
 our chief financial officer
 James Moe
 our chief operating
officer
 Michael Eisele and five other employees. Currently
 there are no organized labor agreements or union agreements and we
do not anticipate any in the future.


able to replace and expand the assets we have under management
 we may need to hire additional employees. In the interim
 we intend
to use the services of independent consultants and contractors to perform various professional services when appropriate. We believe
the use of third-party service providers may enhance our ability to control general and administrative expenses and operate efficiently.




sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition
 revenues
expenses
 results of operations liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK




 the markets
for oil and natural gas have been volatile
 and our management believes these markets will likely continue to be volatile in the
future. The prices for oil and gas products depend on numerous factors beyond our control.


oil and natural gas production heavily influences the economics of investment opportunities and hence our access to capital and
the profitability of any joint ventures in which we participate.




into any transactions that would expose us to any direct interest rate risk.





    
    


ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA OF BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.



FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2016 AND
2015







    
    

    
    

Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
    

    
    

Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
    

    
    

Statement of Stockholders&rsquo; Equity for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
    

    
    

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
    

    
    

    
    

    
    













    
    




REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM





 Inc.



Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 and the related statements of operations
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and
cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31
 2016. Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas&rsquo;s management is
responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits.


the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The company is not required to have
nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of
internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion.


 the financial statements referred to above
present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. as of December 31
 2016 and
2015
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31
 2016
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.




/s/ M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC



 Texas

 2017





    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.





    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
66
269
228
194

    
86
892
37
100


 LLC
    
    

    
    
6
192
546

    
153
926
6
457
840

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
140
547
139
004

    
(112
128
(97
857


 net
28
419
41
147

    
    
    


 LLC
52
853
    

    
    
31
808
230

    
235
198
38
307
217

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
68
289
907

    
21
563
22
990

    
14
998
    

    
36
561
68
312
897

    
    
    

    
    
368
089

    
    
    

    
36
561
68
680
986

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.001 par value
 20
000
000 shares authorized
 no shares issued and

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 $0.001 par value
 500
000
000 shares authorized
 47
979
990 shares issued and

    
    


    
    
    


    


    
34
902
016
34
275
414

    
(34
751
359
(64
697
163

    
198
637
(30
373
769

    
    
    

    
235
198
38
307
217








    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.





    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
049
451
    

    
1
049
451
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
324
569
1
303
266

    
626
602
623
700

    
152
413
200
587

    
409
568
474
889

    
2
513
152
2
602
442

    
14
271
16
295

    
2
527
423
2
618
737

    
    
    

    
(1
477
972
(2
618
737

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
13
398

    
41
621
150
    

    
41
621
150
13
398

    
    
    

    
40
143
178
(2
605
339

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of income taxes
40
143
178
(2
605
339

    
    
    


 net of income taxes
(10
197
374
(67
731
696

    
    
    

    
29
945
804
(70
337
035

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
47
979
990
47
979
990

    
47
979
990
47
979
990

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    








    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2014
    
    
47
979
990
47
980
33
651
714
5
639
872
39
339
566

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
623
700
    
623
700

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2015
    
    
    
    
    
(70
337
035
(70
337
035

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2015
    
    
47
979
990
47
980
34
275
414
(64
697
163
(30
373
769

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
626
602
    
626
602

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2016
    
    
    
    
    
29
945
804
29
945
804

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2016
    
    
47
979
990
47
980
34
902
016
(34
751
359
198
637








    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.





    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
29
945
804
(70
337
035


 net of income taxes
(10
197
374
(67
731
696


 net of income taxes
40
143
178
(2
605
339



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
14
271
16
295

    
(41
621
150
    

    
626
602
623
700

    
    
    

    
(49
792
3
275

    
    
    

    
(1
427
(20
141


 LLC
    
    

    
14
998
    

    
(874
085
(1
982
512

    
3
827
209
17
602
680

    
2
953
124
15
620
168

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(1
543
    

    
(1
543
    

    
(4
763
506
(20
586
656

    
(4
765
049
(20
586
656

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
650
000
5
100
000

    
1
650
000
5
100
000

    
    
    

    
(161
925
133
512

    
228
194
94
682

    
66
269
228
194

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
429
564
4
382
262

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 LLC in restructuring
(41
568
297
    

    
(3
744
487
(2
465
293

    
4
737
48
711








    
    




BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.



of Business


 2012
 Ante5
 Inc. changed
its corporate name to Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 and continues to be quoted on the OTCQB under the trading symbol &ldquo;ANFC&rdquo;.
Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. (formerly Ante5
 Inc.) (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) became an independent company in April 2010.
We became a publicly traded company when our shares began trading on July 1
 2010. Since October&nbsp;2010
 we had been engaged
in the business of acquiring oil and gas leases and participating in the drilling of wells in the Bakken and Three Forks trends
in North Dakota and Montana.


 2016 we closed on a debt restructuring
transaction with our secured lenders as described in Note 3 &ndash; Debt Restructuring. Following the transaction
 our focus has
been managing the oil and gas assets in which we continue to have an indirect minority interest. Our management services agreement
related to those same oil and gas assets was terminated as described in Note 18 &ndash; Subsequent Events. In addition
 we will
continue to pursue distressed asset acquisitions in the Bakken and/or Three Forks and other formations that may be acquired with
our existing joint venture partners or other capital providers.

Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies

Basis of
Accounting

the accrual method of accounting as generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP) and the rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC).



 the
Company classified assets and liabilities subject to our restructuring transaction outline in Note 3 - Debt Restructuring as
assets and liabilities from discontinued operations in the balance sheet and income
 expense and cash flows from the
restructured operations are shows as net income and cash flows from discontinued operations. For comparative purposes
amounts from prior periods have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation.



annual and interim reporting for an enterprise&rsquo;s operating segments and related disclosures about its products
 services
geographic areas and major customers. An operating segment is defined as a component of an enterprise that engages in business
activities from which it may earn revenues and expenses
 and about which separate financial information is regularly evaluated
by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources. The Company operates as a single segment and will
evaluate additional segment disclosure requirements as it expands its operations.&nbsp;
Use
of Estimates

conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.



 by its
nature
 to environmental hazards and clean-up costs. At this time
 management knows of no substantial losses from environmental
accidents or events which would have a material effect on the Company.



accounts which have maturities of three months or less. For the purpose of the statements of cash flows
 all highly liquid
investments with an original maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are
stated at cost plus accrued interest
 which approximates market value. The Company had no cash equivalents on hand as of
December&nbsp;31
 2016 and December&nbsp;31
 2015.



accounts which
 at times
 may exceed federally insured limits. Accounts are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
(FDIC) up to $250
000
 under current regulations. The Company did not have any funds in excess of FDIC insured limits at December&nbsp;31
2016 and 2015. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts.





    
    




BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.



Debt Issuance
Costs

are capitalized and amortized over the term of the related debt using the straight-line method
 which approximates the
effective interest method. The Company paid $-0- and $50
000 of debt issuance costs during the years ended
December&nbsp;31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 of which the unamortized balance of debt issuance costs at
December&nbsp;31
 2016 and 2015 was $-0- and $-0-
 respectively. Amortization of debt issuance costs charged to interest
expense was $-0- and $751
019 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. Interest expense
related to debt issuance costs is reflected as part of loss from discontinued operations on the statement of operations. When
a loan is paid in full or becomes due on demand due to a default on the loan
 as was the case at December 31
 2015
 any
unamortized financing costs are removed from the related accounts and charged to interest expense.



costs in accordance with ASC 350-50
 &ldquo;Accounting for Website Development Costs&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASC 350-50&rdquo;)
 wherein
website development costs are segregated into three activities:


Initial stage (planning)
 whereby the related costs are expensed.


Development (web application
 infrastructure
 graphics)
 whereby the related costs are capitalized
and amortized once the website is ready for use. Costs for development content of the website may be expensed or capitalized depending
on the circumstances of the expenditures.


Post-implementation (after site is up and running: security
 training
 admin)
 whereby the related
costs are expensed as incurred. Upgrades are usually expensed
 unless they add additional functionality.


660 of website
development costs from inception through December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016. We have recognized depreciation expense on these website
costs of $-0- and $257 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. As of December 31
 2016
 all
website development costs have been fully depreciated.



and liabilities based on differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted
tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to be recovered. The Company provides a
valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for which it does not consider realization of such assets to be more likely than not.



 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles and expands disclosures
about fair value measurements. This Statement reaffirms that fair value is the relevant measurement attribute. The adoption of
this standard did not have a material effect on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements as reflected herein. The carrying amounts
of cash
 accounts payable and accrued expenses reported on the balance sheets are estimated by management to approximate fair value

value measurement on a recurring basis.



and depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives of three to seven years. Expenditures for replacements
renewals
 and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Long-lived assets are
evaluated for impairment to determine if current circumstances and market conditions indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
The Company has not recognized any impairment losses on long-lived assets related to continuing operations. Depreciation expense
was $14
271 and $16
295 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.



from continuing operations has come from management fees earned through its management services agreement with Black Ridge Holding
Company
 LLC (&ldquo;BRHC&rdquo;)
 which was formed as part of our debt restructuring. Our former secured lenders are the majority
owners of BRHC and we continue to have a minority interest in BRHC. The management services agreement was cancelled by BRHC subsequent
to year end as describe in Note 18 &ndash; Subsequent Events.





    
    



BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.





as services are provided.


from its former interests in producing wells when production was delivered to
 and title was transferred to
 the purchaser and
to the extent the selling price is reasonably determinable. The Company used the sales method of accounting for gas balancing of
gas production and would recognize a liability if the existing proved reserves were not adequate to cover the current imbalance
situation. Oil and gas revenues are reflected as a component of discontinued operations on the statements of operations.



for an asset retirement obligation in the period in which the well is spud or the asset is acquired and a corresponding increase
in the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset. The liability is accreted to its present value each period
 and the capitalized
cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. If the liability is settled for an amount other than the recorded
amount
 a gain or loss is recognized. The capitalized cost and asset retirement obligation as of December 31
 2015 and the expense
related to accretion of the discount on the asset retirement liability are reflected as component of discontinued operations on
the balance sheet and statement of operations.



accounting for oil and gas operations whereby all costs related to the exploration and development of oil and natural gas properties
are initially capitalized into a single cost center (&quot;full cost pool&quot;). Such costs include land acquisition costs
 geological
and geophysical expenses
 carrying charges on non-producing properties
 costs of drilling directly related to acquisition
 and
exploration activities. Internal costs that are capitalized are directly attributable to acquisition
 exploration and development
activities and do not include costs related to the production
 general corporate overhead or similar activities. Costs associated
with production and general corporate activities were expensed in the period incurred. Capitalized costs are summarized as follows
for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
7
219
362
075

    
7
219
362
075



to the full cost pool
 with no gain or loss recognized
 unless such a sale significantly altered the relationship between capitalized
costs and the proved reserves attributable to these costs. A significant alteration would typically involve a sale of 20% or more
of the proved reserves related to a single full cost pool. During the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2016
 the Company sold
approximately 14 net leasehold acres of oil and gas properties for proceeds of $94
268. During the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
the Company sold approximately 14&nbsp;net acres and rights to individual well bores for total proceeds of $127
348. The Company
assesses all items classified as unevaluated property on a quarterly basis for possible impairment or reduction in value. The assessment
includes consideration of the following factors
 among others: intent to drill; remaining lease term; geological and geophysical
evaluations; drilling results and activity; the assignment of proved reserves; and the economic viability of development if proved
reserves are assigned. During any period in which these factors indicate an impairment
 the cumulative drilling costs incurred
to date for such property and all or a portion of the associated leasehold costs are transferred to the full cost pool and are
then subject to amortization.


properties and properties having proved reserves
 estimated future development costs
 and asset retirement costs under FASB ASC
410-20-25 are depleted and amortized on the unit-of-production method based on the estimated gross proved reserves as determined
by independent petroleum engineers. The costs of unproved properties are withheld from the depletion base until such time as they
are either developed or abandoned.





    
    



BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.




(net of related deferred income taxes) may not exceed an amount equal to the present value
 discounted at 10% per annum
 of the
estimated future net cash flows from proved oil and gas reserves plus the cost of unproved properties (adjusted for related income
tax effects). Should capitalized costs exceed this ceiling
 impairment is recognized. The present value of estimated future net
cash flows is computed by applying the arithmetic average first day price of oil and natural gas for the preceding twelve months
to estimated future production of proved oil and gas reserves as of the end of the period
 less estimated future expenditures to
be incurred in developing and producing the proved reserves and assuming continuation of existing economic conditions. Such present
value of proved reserves' future net cash flows excludes future cash outflows associated with settling asset retirement obligations.
Should this comparison indicate an excess carrying value
 the excess is charged to earnings as an impairment expense.

As a result of currently
prevailing low commodity prices and their effect on the proved reserve values of properties throughout 2015 and 2016
 we recorded
non-cash ceiling test impairments of $5
219
000 and $71
272
000 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. The

as component of discontinued operations on the statement of operations.



are computed by dividing net income (the numerator) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period
(the denominator). Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares and potential
common shares outstanding (if dilutive) during each period. Potential common shares include stock options
 warrants and restricted
stock. The number of potential common shares outstanding relating to stock options
 warrants and restricted stock is computed using
the treasury stock method.


to calculate basic EPS and diluted EPS for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and 2015 are as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
47
979
990
47
979
990

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
49
979
990
49
979
990



 potential dilutive
securities had an anti-dilutive effect and were not included in the calculation of diluted net loss per common share. Stock
options and warrants excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS because their effect was anti-dilutive were 10
957
000 and
15
603
375 as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and 2015
 respectively.



 all share-based
payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 are to be recognized in the income statement based on their
fair values. Pro forma disclosure is no longer an alternative. Amortization of the fair values of stock options issued for services
and compensation totaled $626
602 and $623
700 for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. The
fair values of stock options were determined using the Black-Scholes options pricing model and an effective term of 6 to 6.5 years
based on the weighted average of the vesting periods and the stated term of the option grants and the discount rate on 5 to 7 year
U.S. Treasury securities at the grant date and are being amortized over the related implied service term
 or vesting period.



 &ldquo;Income Taxes&rdquo;
(&ldquo;ASC 740&rdquo;)
 the Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not
that the tax position will be capable of withstanding examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the
position. These standards prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and
measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. These standards also provide guidance on de-recognition
classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure
 and transition.





    
    



BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.




audit the Company&rsquo;s income tax returns. These audits include questions regarding the Company&rsquo;s tax filing positions
including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income to various tax jurisdictions. In evaluating the exposures
connected with these various tax filing positions
 including state and local taxes
 the Company records allowances for probable
exposures. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter
 for which an allowance has been established
 is audited and
fully resolved. The Company has not yet undergone an examination by any taxing authorities.


relies on the judgment of management to estimate the exposures associated with the Company&rsquo;s various filing positions.



new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&quot;FASB&quot;) that are adopted by the
Company as of the specified effective date. If not discussed
 management believes that the impact of recently issued standards
which are not yet effective
 will not have a material impact on the Company's financial statements upon adoption.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-20

 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
aspects of the guidance issued in Update 2014-09. This amendment is effective for periods after December 15
 2017
 with early adoption
permitted. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of this ASU on our financial statements.


 2016
 the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-15


beginning after December 15
 2017
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities
 the amendments are effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019.
Early adoption is permitted
 including adoption in an interim period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period
any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. An entity that elects
early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. The Company is currently evaluating the method of adoption
and impact this standard will have on its financial statements and related disclosures.


 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09
For public business
entities
 the amendments are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within those annual
periods. For all other entities
 the amendments are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 and interim
periods within annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted for any entity in any interim or annual
period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period
 any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning
of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in
the same period. The Company is currently evaluating the method of adoption and impact this standard will have on its financial
statements and related disclosures.


 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-06
&nbsp;(a consensus of the Emerging
Issues Task Force). For public business entities
 the amendments are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years
beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. For entities other than public business entities
the amendments are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017
 and interim periods
within fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted
 including adoption in an interim period. If
an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period
 any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal
year that includes that interim period. The Company is currently evaluating the method of adoption and impact this standard will
have on its financial statements and related disclosures.


 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-05
&nbsp;(a
consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force). For public business entities
 the amendments are effective for financial statements
issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities
the amendments are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017
 and interim periods
within fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted
 including adoption in an interim period. The
Company is currently evaluating the method of adoption and impact this standard will have on its financial statements and related
disclosures.





    
    




BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.







 2016
 the Company entered into
an Asset Contribution Agreement with Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability company (&ldquo;BRHC&rdquo;)
which was recently formed by the Company to contribute and assign to BRHC
 all of the Company's (i) oil and gas assets (including
working capital and tangible and intangible assets) (the &ldquo;Assets&rdquo;)
 (ii) outstanding balances under that certain Credit
Agreement between the Company
 as borrower
 and Cadence Bank
 N.A. (&ldquo;Cadence&rdquo;)
 as lender (the &ldquo;Cadence Credit
Facility&rdquo;) and the outstanding balances under that certain Credit Agreement between the Company
 as borrower
 and the several
banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties thereto (the &ldquo;Chambers&rdquo;)
 and Chambers
as administrative agent (the &ldquo;Chambers Credit Facility&rdquo;) and (iii) all current liabilities related to the Assets
in exchange for 5% of the issued and outstanding Class A Units (the &ldquo;Class A Units&rdquo;) in BRHC (the &ldquo;Asset Contribution&rdquo;).
On March 29
 2016
 affiliates of Chambers Energy Management
 LP (&ldquo;Chambers&rdquo;) (specifically
 Chambers Energy Capital
II
 LP and CEC II TE
 LLC (collectively
 the &ldquo;Chambers Affiliates&rdquo;)) entered into a Debt Contribution Agreement between
BRHC and the Chambers Affiliates
 pursuant to which BRHC issued a number of Class A Units representing 95% of the Class A Units
of BRHC to the Chambers Affiliates in exchange for the release of BRHC's obligations under the Chambers Credit Facility (the &ldquo;Satisfaction
of Debt&rdquo; and
 together with the Asset Contribution
 the &ldquo;BRHC Transaction&rdquo;). Concurrent with the Satisfaction
of Debt
 each warrant originally issued with the Chambers Credit Facility was automatically retired and cancelled. The closing
of the BRHC Transaction was subject to the Company obtaining the approval of stockholders holding a majority of its outstanding
capital stock and to the Company having assigned the Cadence Credit Agreement to BRHC with Cadence&rsquo;s consent
 and BRHC and
Cadence entering into any applicable amendment agreements related to such assignment and waiver of financial covenant ratio compliance
for the quarter ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015 and quarter ending March 31

 2016
the Company satisfied all of these conditions and
 for accounting purposes
 the BRHC Transaction was closed. The parties have
agreed that the BRHC Transaction
 the Asset Contribution and the Satisfaction of Debt are effective
 for valuation purposes
 as
of April 1
 2016.





    
    




BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.




set forth in the limited liability company agreement of BRHC (the &ldquo;LLC Agreement&rdquo;)
 which became effective upon the
closing of the BRHC Transaction. All distributions by BRHC of cash or other property
 and whether upon liquidation or otherwise
will be made as follows:



First
 100% to the Class A Members
 pro rata
 until each Class A Member has received distributions
in aggregate totaling the then Class A Preference
 which is an amount equal to a 10.0% internal rate of return on the invested
capital amount.

Second
 90% to the Class A Members
 pro rata
 and 10% to the Class B Members
 pro rata
 until such
time as the aggregate distributions to Chambers equals 250% of the capital contribution of its Class A Units.

Third
 80% to the Class A Members
 pro rata
 and 20% to the Class B Members
 pro rata.


 which
will be responsible for the conduct of the day-to-day business of BRHC and the management
 oversight and disposition of the assets
of BRHC. The initial BRHC Board will be comprised of three managers
 consisting of two managers appointed by Chambers and one member
from the Company.


 under the LLC Agreement
 Chambers
committed to contribute up to $30 million cash (the &ldquo;Chambers Investment Commitment&rdquo;) to BRHC in exchange for Class
A Units. At Closing
 Chambers funded $10 million (the &ldquo;Initial Chambers Investment&rdquo;) of the Chambers Investment Commitment
the proceeds of which were used to reduce outstanding amounts owed by BRHC to Cadence under the Cadence Credit Facility and for
general corporate purposes. The remaining $20 million (the &ldquo;Subsequent Chambers Investment&rdquo;)
 subject to certain conditions
may be called from time to time during the Investment Period by the board of managers of BRHC (the &ldquo;BRHC Board&rdquo;). The
Initial Chambers Investment and any Subsequent Chambers Investment shall serve to proportionately reduce the Company's Class A
Units percentage ownership in BRHC. The investment period shall be the lesser of three years or such time as the entire Chambers
Investment Commitment has been called by the BRHC Board (the &ldquo;Investment Period&rdquo;). Any portion of Chambers Investment
Commitment not called by the BRHC Board prior to the expiration of the Investment Period will be cancelled. In no event will Chambers
be required to make a capital contribution in an amount in excess of its undrawn commitment.


000
000 Class B Units
in BRHC at the Closing of the BRHC Transaction. At the discretion of the BRHC&rsquo;s Board of Managers
 the Company may be granted
additional Class B Units in BRHC
 and in turn
 the Company may transfer such Class B Units to certain members of the Company's
management. Subject to certain conditions
 the Class B Units will entitle the holders to participate in any future distributions
of BRHC after distributions equal to the capital contributions and preferred return have been made to the holders of Class A Units
of BRHC.


 the Company entered into a Management Services Agreement with BRHC.
Under the Management Services Agreement
 the Company provides services to BRHC with respect to the business operations of BRHC
including but not limited to locating
 investigating and analyzing potential non-operator oil and gas projects and day-to-day
operations related to such projects. The Company is paid a fee under the Management Services Agreement intended to cover the costs
of providing such services and is reimbursed for certain third party expenses. The term of the Management Services Agreement commenced
on the closing of the BRHC Transaction and continued indefinitely
 unless terminated
 which required a three month notice by the
terminating party. The management services agreement was terminated by BRHC subsequent to year end as describe in Note 18 &ndash;
Subsequent Events.


 the Company
recorded a gain on debt restructuring of $41
621
150 calculated as the difference between our final ownership interest in BRHC
after conversion of debt to equity and the equity contribution of the Initial Chambers Investment within BRHC and our retention
of a 3.88% ownership interest in BRHC
 and the net book value of the assets and labilities we transferred to BRHC.






    
    





BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.



The income
and expense for the associated with the operating activities (through June 21
 2016
 the date of the BRHC transaction) contributed
in the BRHC Transaction are reflected as &ldquo;Loss from discontinued items
 net of income taxes&rdquo; on our condensed statement
of operations for all periods presented herein. The items included in &ldquo;Loss from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes&rdquo;
are as follows:



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
539
613
15
104
629

    
1
043
026
11
477
653

    
(4
288
736
(6
425
345

    
2
293
903
20
156
937

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
400
639
3
767
444

    
568
028
1
574
110

    
476
461
421
189

    
3
114
347
9
278
108

    
5
219
000
71
272
000

    
16
258
32
574

    
10
794
733
86
345
425

    
    
    

    
(8
500
830
(66
188
488

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(1
696
544
(8
136
248

    
(1
696
544
(8
136
248

    
    
    

    
(10
197
374
(74
324
736

    
    
    

    
    
6
593
040

    
    
    

    
(10
197
374
(67
731
696






    
    





BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.



The assets
and liabilities subject to the BRHC Transaction have been retroactively reclassified as assets and liabilities from discontinued
operations on the Company&rsquo;s balance sheet as of December 31
 2015.

Assets
and liabilities reclassified as assets and liabilities from discontinued operations as of December 31
 2015 consisted of the following:



    



    
    

    
    

    
    


 current
    

    
1
154
400

    
5
038
146


 current
6
192
546

    
    


 long term
    


 full cost method of accounting
    

    
131
168
906

    
10
394


 full cost method of accounting
131
179
300


 accumulated depletion and allowance for impairment
(99
371
070


 long term
31
808
230

    
    

    
38
000
776

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


 current
    

    
7
882
737

    
56
541

    
60
350
629


 current
68
289
907

    
    


 long term
    

    
368
089


 long term
368
089

    
    

    
68
657
996






    
    





BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.










    





    
    
    

    
43
324
8
611

    
11
844
10
424

    
31
724
18
065

    
86
892
37
100





&nbsp;2016
and&nbsp;2015
 we granted various awards to our Officers and Directors as compensation for their services. These related party
grants are fully disclosed in Note 14 below.



a month to month basis where the lessor is an entity owned by our former CEO and current Chairman of the Board of Directors
 Bradley
Berman. Pursuant to the lease
 we occupied approximately 2
813 square feet of office space. We terminated the lease concurrent
with our move to another location on June 30
 2016. The lease had base rents of $2
110 per month
 plus common area operations and
maintenance charges
 and monthly parking fees of $240 per month
 for the period from November 15
 2013 to October 31
 2014
 and
was subject to increases of $117 per month beginning November 1
 2014 and for each of the subsequent annual periods. We paid a
total of $36
183 and $69
703 to this entity during the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and&nbsp;2015
 respectively.

Note 6 &ndash; Investment in Black Ridge
Holding Company
 LLC


Holding Company
 LLC represents our equity interest in Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC following the debt restructuring and
related activity as described in Note 3 &ndash; Debt Restructuring. We account for the investment using the cost method.




 2016 and December 31
 2015
consisted of the following:



    





    
    
    

    
140
547
139
004

    
(112
128
(97
857


 net
28
419
41
147



assets from discontinued operations on the balance sheet as of December 31
 2015 as the Company effectively disposed of those assets
as part of the restructuring discussed in Note 3 &ndash; Debt Restructuring.


 depletion
 and amortization
expense by type of asset:



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
3
114
347
9
278
108

    
14
271
16
295


 amortization and depletion
3
128
618
9
294
403

Presented as a component of loss
from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes.



prices and their effect on the proved reserve values of properties in 2016
 we recorded non-cash ceiling test impairments of $5
219
000
and $71
272
000 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. The expense associated with the impairments is presented
as component of loss from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes. The impairment charges affected our reported net income
but did not reduce our cash flow.





    
    





BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.



Note 8 &ndash; Oil and
Natural Gas Properties


productive oil wells by state at June 21
 2016 (prior to their disposition through our debt restructuring) and December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015.
A net well represents our percentage ownership of a gross well. The following tables do not include wells in which our interest
is limited to royalty and overriding royalty interests. The following tables also do not include wells which were awaiting completion
in the process of completion or awaiting flow back subsequent to fracture stimulation.



    

 2016

 2015

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



consist of all acreage acquisition costs (including cash expenditures and the value of stock consideration)
 drilling costs and
other associated capitalized costs. As of June 21
 2016 and December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
 our principal oil and gas assets included
approximately 7
016 and 8
100&nbsp;net acres
 respectively
 located in North Dakota and Montana.


costs for the purchase and development of our oil and natural gas properties for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and&nbsp;2015:



    



    
    
    

    
4
858
134
20
714
004

    
3
155
016
6
899
503

    
(6
899
503
(9
364
796

    
4
737
48
711


 oil and natural gas properties
1
118
384
18
297
422




 the Company sold
 prior to our
debt restructuring
 approximately 14&nbsp;net mineral acres of oil and natural gas properties for total proceeds of $94
628. No
gain or loss was recorded pursuant to the sales.



 2016 we disposed of all of our
oil and gas properties
 with net carrying costs of $24
498
638
 as part of our debt restructuring as outlined in Note 3 &ndash;
Debt Restructuring.



 the Company purchased approximately
9&nbsp;net mineral acres of oil and natural gas properties in North Dakota and Montana. In consideration for the assignment of
these mineral leases
 we paid the sellers a total of approximately $102
928.



 the Company sold approximately
14&nbsp;net mineral acres of oil and natural gas properties and rights to individual well bores in North Dakota for total proceeds
of $127
348. No gain or loss was recorded pursuant to the sales.



 2016
we had leases encompassing 1
079 net acres expire with carrying costs of $650
816 that had been reserved and transferred to the
full cost pool subject to depletion in 2015.





    
    





BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.



Note 9 &ndash; Asset Retirement
Obligation


(ARO) associated with the future plugging and abandonment of proved properties and related facilities. Under the provisions of
FASB ASC 410-20-25
 the fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation is recorded in the period in which it is incurred
and a corresponding increase in the carrying amount of the related long lived asset. The liability is accreted to its present value
each period
 and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. If the liability is settled for
an amount other than the recorded amount
 a gain or loss is recognized. The Company has no assets that are legally restricted for
purposes of settling asset retirement obligations.


asset retirement obligation transactions recorded in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC 410-20-25 during the years ended
December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and&nbsp;2015:



    



    
    
    

    
368
089
286
804

    
4
737
48
711

    
16
258
32
574

    
(389
084
    

    
    
368
089



2015 has been reclassified to non-current liabilities from discontinued operations on the balance sheet.




instruments on the balance sheet as either assets or liabilities measured at fair value. The Company has not designated its derivative
instruments as hedges for accounting purposes and
 as such
 marks its derivative instruments to fair value and recognizes the realized
and unrealized changes in fair value in its statements of operations under the captions &ldquo;Loss on Settled Derivatives&rdquo;
and &ldquo;Losses on the mark-to-market of derivatives.&rdquo;


contracts to hedge against the variability in cash flows associated with the forecasted sale of crude oil production. While the
use of these derivative instruments limits the downside risk of adverse price movements
 their use also limits the upside revenue
potential of upward price movements.


 the counterparty
is required to make a payment to the Company if the settlement price for any settlement period is less than the swap price and
the Company is required to make a payment to the counterparty if the settlement price for any period is greater than the swap price.
For a collar contract
 the counterparty is required to make a payment to the Company if the settlement price for any settlement
period is below the floor price
 the Company is required to make a payment to the counterparty if the settlement price for any
settlement period is above the ceiling price and no payment is required by either party if the settlement price for any settlement
period is between the floor price and the ceiling price.


settled based on reported settlement prices on commodity exchanges
 with crude oil derivative settlements based on NYMEX West Texas
Intermediate (&ldquo;WTI&rdquo;) pricing.


 2016
 the Company had no
outstanding derivative contracts. As of June 21
 2016 all of our then outstanding derivative contracts
 with a mark-to-market liability
valuation of $3
134
336
 were transferred to BRHC as part of the debt restructuring.





    
    





BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.





gains and losses on derivative instruments for the periods presented:



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
922
872
10
325
126

    
120
154
1
152
527


 net
1
043
026
11
477
653

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(4
157
491
(5
669
678

    
(131
245
(755
667


 net
(4
288
736
(6
425
345


Balance Sheet Offsetting of Derivative Assets
and Liabilities


about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities
 requires an entity to disclose information about offsetting arrangements to enable
financial statement users to understand the effects of netting arrangements on an entity&rsquo;s financial position. The Company
adopted the provision of the standard upon entering into our first derivative contract and has provided the applicable disclosures
below with respect to its derivative instruments.


are carried at their fair value in the condensed balance sheets under the captions &ldquo;Current portion of derivative instruments&rdquo;
and &ldquo;Derivative instruments&rdquo;. Derivative instruments from the same counterparty that are subject to contractual terms
which provide for net settlement are reported on a net basis in the condensed balance sheets. The following tables present the
gross amounts of recognized derivative assets and liabilities
 the amounts offset under the netting arrangements with counterparties
and the resulting net amounts presented in the condensed balance sheets for the periods presented
 all at fair value.



    

 2016

 2015

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
1
154
417
    
1
154
400






    
    





BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.





    

 2016

 2015

    
 amounts
    of
recognized
liabilities
    

    
sheet
    
recognized
liabilities
    

    
amounts of
liabilities
on balance
sheet

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



disclosed above to the individual financial statement line items in the condensed balance sheets:



    



    
    
    

    
    
1
154
400

    
    
    

    
    
1
154
400

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net
    
1
154
400


Note 11 &ndash; Fair Value of Financial
Instruments


 fair value is defined
as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date (an exit price). The standard outlines a valuation framework and creates a fair value hierarchy in order
to increase the consistency and comparability of fair value measurements and the related disclosures. Under GAAP
 certain assets
and liabilities must be measured at fair value
 and FASB ASC 820-10-50 details the disclosures that are required for items measured
at fair value.


a revolving credit facility that must be measured under the fair value standard. The Company&rsquo;s financial assets and liabilities
are measured using inputs from the three levels of the fair value hierarchy. The three levels are as follows:


in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the measurement date.


similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that
are not active
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (e.g.
 interest rates
 yield curves
etc.)
 and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means (market
corroborated inputs).


our assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.





    
    





BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.




of financial instruments at fair value on a recurring basis in the balances sheet as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and&nbsp;2015:



    

 2016

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
66
269
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
66
269
    
    

    
    
    
    


 net of discounts
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
66
269
    
    




    

 2015

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
228
194
    
    

    
    
1
154
400
    

    
228
194
1
154
400
    

    
    
    
    


 net of discounts
    
60
350
629
    

    
    
60
350
629
    

    
228
194
(59
196
229
    



or liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 inputs for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 and 2015.


facilities. No fair value adjustment was necessary during the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 and 2015.

Note 12 &ndash; Revolving Credit Facilities
and Long Term Debt


 as borrower
 entered into a
Credit Agreement dated August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2013 and amendments thereto dated December&nbsp;13
 2013
March&nbsp;24
 2014
 April&nbsp;21
 2014
 September&nbsp;11
 2014
 March&nbsp;30
 2015 and August 10
2015 (as amended
) with Cadence Bank
 N.A. (&ldquo;Cadence&rdquo;)
 as
lender (the &ldquo;Senior Credit Facility&rdquo;). Under the terms of the Senior Credit Agreement
 a senior secured revolving
line of credit in the maximum aggregate principal amount of $50&nbsp;million was available from time to time (i) for direct
investment in oil and gas properties
 (ii) for general working capital purposes
 including the issuance of letters of credit
and (iii) to refinance the then existing debt under the Company&rsquo;s former credit facility.


was at all times subject to the then-applicable borrowing base
 determined by Cadence in a manner consistent with the normal and
customary oil and gas lending practices of Cadence. Availability was initially set at $7&nbsp;million and was subject to periodic
redeterminations. Subject to availability under the borrowing base
 the Company could borrow
 repay and re-borrow funds in amounts
of $250
000 or more. At the Company&rsquo;s election
 the unpaid principal balance of any borrowings under the Senior Credit Facility
may bear interest at either (i) the Base Rate
 as defined in the Senior Credit Facility
 plus the applicable margin
 which varies
from 1.00% to 1.50% or (ii) the LIBOR rate
 as defined in the Senior Credit Facility
 plus the applicable margin
 which varies
from 3.00% to 3.50%. Interest was payable for Base Rate loans on the last business day of the month and for LIBOR loans on the
last LIBOR business day of each LIBOR interest period. The Company was also required to pay a quarterly fee of 0.50% on any unused
portion of the borrowing base
 as well as a facility fee of 0.90% of the initial and any subsequent additions to the borrowing
base.





    
    





BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.




date of August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2016
 was subsequently amended to January&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2017 pursuant to the amendment on March&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015.
The Company could prepay the entire amount of Base Rate loans at any time
 and could prepay the entire amount of LIBOR loans upon
at least three business days&rsquo; notice to Cadence. The Senior Credit Facility was secured by first priority interests in mortgages
on substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s assets
 including but not limited to the Company&rsquo;s mineral interests in North
Dakota and Montana.


Note 3 &ndash; Debt Restructuring
 the Company transferred the obligation with a balance outstanding of $29
400
000 under the Senior
Credit Facility to BRHC. The Company had borrowings of $27.75 million outstanding under the Senior Credit Agreement as of
December 31
 2015.



 as borrower
 entered into a Second
Lien Credit Agreement dated August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2013 and amendments thereto dated December&nbsp;13
&nbsp;2013
 March&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2014
April&nbsp;21
&nbsp;2014
 September&nbsp;11
&nbsp;2014
 March&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
 and August 10
 2015 (as amended
 the &ldquo;Subordinated
Credit Agreement&rdquo;) by and among the Company
 as borrower
 Chambers Energy Management
 LP
 as administrative agent (&ldquo;Chambers&rdquo;)
and the several other lenders named therein (the &ldquo;Subordinated Credit Facility&rdquo;). Under the Subordinated Credit Facility
term loans in the aggregate principal amount of up to $75&nbsp;million were available from time to time (i) to repay the Previous
Credit Facility
 (ii) for fees and closing costs in connection with both the Senior Credit Facility and the Subordinated Credit
Facility (together
 the &ldquo;Credit Facilities&rdquo;)
 and (iii) general corporate purposes.


provided initial commitment availability of $25&nbsp;million
 which was subsequently amended to $30&nbsp;million
 with the
remaining commitments subject to the approval of Chambers and other customary conditions. The Company could borrow the
available commitments in amounts of $5&nbsp;million or more and could not request borrowings of such loans more than once a
month
 provided that the initial draw was at least $15&nbsp;million. Loans under the Subordinated Credit Facility were funded
net of a 2% OID. The unpaid principal balance of borrowings under the Subordinated Credit Facility bore interest at the Cash
Interest Rate plus the PIK Interest Rate. The Cash Interest Rate was 9.00% per annum plus a rate per annum equal to the
greater of (i) 1.00% and (ii) the offered rate for three-month deposits in U.S. dollars that appears on Reuters Screen LIBOR
01 as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the second full LIBOR business day preceding the first day of each calendar quarter. The
PIK Interest Rate was equal to 4.00% per annum. Interest was payable on the last day of each month. The Company was also
required to pay an annual nonrefundable administration fee of $50
000 and a monthly availability fee computed at a rate of
0.50% per annum on the average daily amount of any unused portion of the available amount under the commitment.


June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2017. Upon at least three business days&rsquo; written notice
 the Company could prepay the entire amount under
the loans
 together with accrued interest. Each prepayment made prior to the second anniversary of the funding date
 as defined
in the Subordinated Credit Facility
 would be accompanied by a make-whole amount
 as defined in the Subordinated Credit Agreement.
Prepayments made on or after the second anniversary of the funding date were accompanied by an applicable premium
 as set forth
in the Subordinated Credit Agreement. The Subordinated Credit Facility was secured by second priority interests on substantially
all of the Company&rsquo;s assets
 including but not limited to second priority mortgages on the Company&rsquo;s mineral interests
in North Dakota and Montana.


Facility occurred on September&nbsp;9
&nbsp;2013 at which time we drew $14
700
000
 net of a $300
000 original issue discount
from the Subordinated Credit Agreement and used $10
226
057 of those proceeds to repay and terminate a previously outstanding revolving
credit facility. We had drawn an additional $14
700
000
 net of $300
000 original issue discounts
 through December 31
 2015. The
Company had borrowings of $30.0&nbsp;million outstanding under the Subordinated Credit Facility as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015.
The obligations under the Subordinated Credit Facility
 $30.0 million of principal and $2
931
369 of PIK interest payable
 were
transferred to BRHC and converted to equity in BRHC as part of the debt restructuring outlined in Note 3- Debt Restructuring.





    
    





BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.





Agreement dated August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2013 (the &ldquo;Intercreditor Agreement&rdquo;). The Intercreditor Agreement provided that
any liens on the assets of the Company securing indebtedness under the Subordinated Credit Facility were subordinate to liens on
the assets securing indebtedness under the Senior Credit Facility and set forth the respective rights
 obligations and remedies
of the lenders under the Senior Credit Facility with respect to their first priority liens and the lenders under the Subordinated
Credit Facility with respect to their second priority liens.


 as amended
 required
customary affirmative and negative covenants for credit facilities of the respective types and sizes for companies operating in
the oil and gas industry
 as well as customary events of default. Furthermore
 the Credit Facilities contain financial covenants
that required the Company to satisfy certain specified financial ratios. The Senior Credit Agreement required the Company to maintain
as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company
 (i) a collateral coverage ratio (reserve value plus consolidated working
capital to adjusted indebtedness) of at least 0.65 to 1.00 through the quarter ending June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2014
 0.70 to 1.00 for
the quarters ending September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2014 and December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 was waived for the quarters ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
and June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
 and 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
 and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter
ending December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015 and thereafter
 (ii) a ratio of current assets
 including debt facility available to be drawn
to current liabilities of a minimum of 1.0 to 1.0
 except for the quarter ending June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2014
 which was waived
 (iii)
a net debt to EBITDAX
 as defined in the Senior Credit Agreement
 ratio of 3.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ended March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
4.25 to 1.00 for the quarters ended June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2014 and September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2014
 4.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ended
December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 was waived for the quarters ended March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015 and June 30
 2015
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for
the quarter ending September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
 and 3.65 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
 and 3.50
to 1.00 for the quarter ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and thereafter
 in each case calculated on a modified trailing four quarter
basis
 (iv) a maximum senior leverage ratio of not more than 2.5 to 1.0 calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis
 and
(v) a minimum interest coverage ratio of not less than 3.0 to 1.0. The Subordinated Credit Agreement required the Company to maintain
as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company
 (i) a collateral coverage ratio (reserve value plus consolidated working
capital to adjusted indebtedness) of at least 0.65 to 1.00 through the quarter ending June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2014
 0.70 to 1.00 for
the quarters ending September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2014 and December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 was waived for the quarters ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
and June 30
 2015
 and 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
 and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending
December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015 and thereafter
 (ii) a consolidated net leverage ratio (adjusted total indebtedness less the amount
of unrestricted cash equivalents to consolidated EBITDA) of no more than 3.75 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
4.25 to 1.00 for the quarters ending June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2014 and September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2014
 4.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ending
December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2014
 was waived for the quarters ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015 and June 30
 2015
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for
the quarter ending September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
 and 3.65 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
 and 3.50
to 1.00 for the quarter ending March&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and thereafter
 calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis
 (iii)
a consolidated cash interest coverage ratio (consolidated EBITDA to consolidated cash interest expense) of no less than 2.5 to
1.0
 calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis and (iv) a ratio of consolidated current assets to consolidated current
liabilities of at least 1.0 to 1.0
 except for the quarter ending June 30
 2015 when the covenant was waived. In addition
 each
of the Credit Facilities required that the Company enter into hedging agreements based on anticipated oil production from currently
producing wells as agreed to by the lenders.



collateral coverage ratio covenant as of March 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015 and the current ratio covenant as defined by the
Subordinated Credit Facility as of March 31
 2016. Additionally
 the audit report the Company received with respect to its financial
statements as of December 31
 2015 contains an explanatory paragraph expressing uncertainty as to the Company&rsquo;s ability to
continue as a going concern
 the delivery of which constituted a default under both its Senior Credit Facility and Subordinated
Credit Facility.  The Company received a waiver for all debt
covenants as of December 31
 2015 and March 31
 2016 as part of the debt restructuring outlined in Note 3 &ndash; Debt Restructuring.





    
    





BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.



Debt Discount
 Detachable Warrants

Facility
 the Company agreed to issue to the lenders detachable warrants to purchase up to 5
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock at an exercise price of $0.65 per share. The warrants were retired and cancelled as part of the debt restructuring.


the debt and equity based on the relative fair values of the warrants at the time of issuance
 resulting in a debt discount of
$2
473
576 at issuance that is presented as a debt discount on the balance sheet which was being amortized using the effective
interest method over the life of the credit facility
 which matured on June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2017. A total of $-0- and $1
645
749
was amortized during the years ended December 31
 2016 and&nbsp;2015. The remaining unamortized balance of the debt discount attributable
to the warrants was $-0- as of December 31
&nbsp;2016 and 2015. The amortization of the debt discount attributable to the warrants
was accelerated in 2015 to fully amortize the discount as of December 31
 2015 when the related debt became payable on demand due
to a default on the related debt.


facilities and long term debts consisted of the following as of December 31
 2015:



    



    
    


 Cadence Bank

27
750
000



30
000
000



2
600
629

    
    

    
60
350
629

    
    

    
    



60
350
629

    
(60
350
629

    
    

    
    


Due
to existing and anticipated covenant violations
 the Company&rsquo;s Senior Credit Facility and Subordinated Credit Facility were
classified as current December 31
 2015 and are presented as part of current liabilities from discontinued operations on the balance
sheet.


received from our $30&nbsp;million in advances due to $600
000 of OID pursuant to the Subordinated Credit Agreement at
issuance that is presented as a debt discount on the balance sheet and was being amortized using the effective interest
method over the life of the credit facility
 was to mature on June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2017. A total of $-0- and $426
734 was
amortized during the years ended December 31
 2016 and&nbsp;2015
 respectively. The remaining unamortized balance of the debt
discount attributable to the OID is $-0- as of December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015 as the amortization was accelerated in
2015 to fully amortize the discount as of December 31
 2015 when the related debt became payable on demand due to a default
on the related debt.


expense
 presented as a component of loss from discontinued operations
 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively:



    



    
    
    

    
330
740
1
293
543

    
    
426
734

    
1
373
023
4
381
278

    
    
751
019

    
    
1
645
749

    
(7
219
(362
075

    
1
696
544
8
136
248






    
    





BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.







000
000 authorized shares
of $0.001 par value preferred stock. No shares have been issued to date.



000
000 authorized shares
of $0.001 par value common stock.




all options granted during the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


1
204
000
    
    
    
    
    
47
925
    
    

    


450
000
    
    
    
    
    
17
912
    
    

    


500
000
    
    
    
    
    
19
903
    
    

    
    
300
000
    
    
    
    
    
11
942
    
    

    
    
36
000
    
    
    
    
    
1
433
    
    

    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
1
990
    
    

    
    
65
000
    
    
    
    
    
2
587
    
    

    
    
8
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


300
000
    
    
    
    
    
11
942
    
    

    


300
000
    
    
    
    
    
11
942
    
    

    


300
000
    
    
    
    
    
11
942
    
    

    


300
000
    
    
    
    
    
11
942
    
    

    


100
000
    
    
    
    
    
4
973
    
    

    
    
3
913
500
    
    
    
    
    
156
771
2
913
    






    
    





BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.




all options granted during the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
28
676
5
736
1
434

    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
21
507
4
300
1
075

    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
28
676
5
736
1
434

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
21
507
4
300
1
075

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
4
301
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
4
301
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
4
301
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
1
434
    
    

    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
14
338
2
868
    

    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
14
338
2
868
    

    
    
    

000

    
    
    
    
    
    
143
379
28
676
7
169

All options
vest in equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of the grant
 are exercisable for 10 years from the date of
the grant and are being amortized over the implied service term
 or vesting period
 of the options.



&nbsp;2015
 1
000
000
common stock options were voluntarily forfeited by our chairman of the board.


or 2015.



&nbsp;2016
 a total of 12
000 options
with a strike price of $0.33 per share expired.


&nbsp;2015
 a total of
66
667 options with a strike price of $0.30 per share expired.


&nbsp;2015
 a total of 86
667
options with a strike price of $1.00 per share expired.





December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and&nbsp;2015.


the Stock Options outstanding at December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
10
957
000
    
    
    
    
    
4
415
500
    
    







    
    





BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.





on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions used for grants
under the fixed option plan:



    
    
December 31

    
December 31


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



developed for use in estimating the fair value of short-term traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable.
In addition
 option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions including expected stock price volatility.
Because the Company&rsquo;s employee stock options have characteristics significantly different from those of traded options and
because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
 in management&rsquo;s opinion
the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its employee stock options. During
the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and&nbsp;2015 there were no options granted with an exercise price below the fair value
of the underlying stock at the grant date.


stock options:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2014
7
208
834
    

    
(153
334
    

    
(1
000
000
    

    
1
000
000
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2015
7
055
500
    

    
(12
000
    

    
    
    

    
3
913
500
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2016
10
957
000
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2016
4
415
500
    



602
and $623
700 from the amortization of common stock options during the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and&nbsp;2015
 respectively.





December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and&nbsp;2015.



000
000 warrants with a strike
price of $0.65 per share were forfeited on June 21
 2016 commensurate with our debt refinancing. No warrants were cancelled during
the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015.





    
    





BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.






048
375 warrants with an average
strike price of $1.45 per share expired on July 26
 2016.


000 warrants with a strike price
of $0.95 per share expired on May 2
 2016.


000 warrants with a strike price
of $0.38 per share expired on September 5
&nbsp;2015.



ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and&nbsp;2015.


&nbsp;2016.


warrants:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2014
9
133
375
    

    
(585
000
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2015
8
548
375
    

    
(3
548
375
    

    
(5
000
000
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2016
    
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2016
    
    

    
    
    


Note 16 &ndash; Income
Taxes


of ASC Topic 740

 
deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on anticipated future tax consequences
 using currently enacted tax laws
attributable to temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and
the amounts calculated for income tax purposes.


ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and&nbsp;2015 consisted of the following:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    


 as part of discontinued operations
    
(6
593
040

    
    
    

    
    
(6
593
040






    
    





BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.





ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and&nbsp;2015 consisted of the following:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 decreased by&nbsp;1.13% from&nbsp;4.13% as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015
 to&nbsp;3.26%. This decrease
in the effective tax rate is attributable to changes in the Company&rsquo;s state apportionment factors in the current year. In
2015
 due to the settled derivatives being sourced to the state of Minnesota for income tax purposes
 a larger percentage of the
Company&rsquo;s activity was expected to be apportioned to that state. The derivative gains
 reported in discontinued operations
were substantially lower in 2016. As compared to North Dakota and Montana
 the other states the Company files tax returns in which
have a corporate income tax rate of 4.31% and 6.75%
 respectively
 the state of Minnesota has a 9.80% corporate income tax rate.


liabilities as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and&nbsp;2015 are as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
9
025
553
9
294
824

    
2
715
486
2
531
641


 intangible drilling costs and other exploration costs capitalized for financial reporting purposes
    
12
186
927

    
    
    

    
51
258
52
415

    
    
144
005

    
11
792
297
24
209
812

    
    
    

    
    
    


 intangible drilling costs and other exploration costs capitalized for financial reporting purposes
    
    

    
    
(451
628

    
(3
731
(7
006

    
(3
731
(458
634

    
    
    

    
11
788
566
23
751
178

    
(11
788
566
(23
751
178

    
    
    






    
    



BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.




&nbsp;2016
 the Company
has net operating loss carryover of approximately $23
590
835. Under existing Federal law
 the net operating loss may be utilized
to offset taxable income through the year ended December 31
 2036. A portion of the net operating loss carryover begins
to expire in 2030.


allowance is recognized if
 based on the weight of available evidence
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of
the deferred tax asset will not be realized. In 2015
 the Company increased its valuation allowance from $579
522 to
$23
751
178. As of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016
 the Company has decreased its valuation allowance from $23
751
178 to
$11
788
566. This decrease was to adjust for the decrease in net deferred tax assets due to the transfer of oil and assets in
connection with the Company&rsquo;s restructuring. The Company believes it is more likely than not that the benefit of these
remaining assets will not be realized.


US Federal income tax returns and annual income tax returns for the states of Minnesota
 North Dakota and Montana. We are not subject
to income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2010 for all returns. Income taxing authorities have conducted no
formal examinations of our past federal or state income tax returns and supporting records.


of ASC Topic 740 regarding uncertainty in income taxes. The Company has found no significant uncertain tax positions as of any
date on or before December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016.

Note 17 &ndash; Commitments
and Contingencies


administrative proceedings and litigation relating to matters arising in the normal course of business. The Company is not currently
a defendant in any material litigation and is not aware of any threatened litigation that could have a material effect on the Company.
Management is not able to estimate the minimum loss to be incurred
 if any
 as a result of the final outcome of the matters arising
in the normal course of business but believes they are not likely to have a material adverse effect upon the Company&rsquo;s financial
position or results of operations and
 accordingly
 no provision for loss has been recorded.


at banks in excess of federally insured amounts. The extent of loss
 if any
 to be sustained as a result of any future failure
of a bank or other financial institution is not subject to estimation at this time.

Note 18 &ndash; Subsequent
Events

Cancelation of Management Services Agreement
and Sale of BRHC Assets


 2017
 we were notified
by BRHC of their termination of our Management Services Agreement and that they had finalized the sale of BRHC&rsquo;s oil
and gas assets to a third party. On April 3
 BRHC signed a Contribution Agreement that provides for the transfer of
ownership and title of all oil and gas assets held by BRHC in exchange for preferred membership interest in the acquiring LLC
(the &ldquo;BRHC Sale&rdquo;). Consistent with the terms of the Management Services Agreement
 we will be paid for our
management services for the three month period ended June 30
 2017. Additionally
 Chambers Energy Capital II
 LP and CEC II
TE
 LLC 
 have agreed to purchase for cash our 3.88% equity share in BRHC
 which is estimated to be approximately $1.1
million.




    
    












disclosure controls and procedures that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we
file or furnish to the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosures.


&nbsp;2016
we carried out an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined) in Exchange Act
Rules 13a &ndash;15(e). Based upon that evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
 as
of the end of the period covered in this report
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
within the required time periods and is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


and Chief Financial Officer do not expect that our disclosure controls or internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud.
Although our disclosure controls and procedures were designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have determined that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective
at doing so
 a control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute assurance that
the objectives of the system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within the Company
have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty
 and that
breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally
 controls can be circumvented if there exists in an individual
a desire to do so. There can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions.

Management&rsquo;s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting.


for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule
13a-15(f). The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions
regardless of how remote. All internal control systems
 no matter how well designed
 have inherent limitations. Because of its
inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be
effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.


under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness
of our internal controls over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016. In making this assessment
 our management
used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in &ldquo;Internal Control
&mdash; Integrated Framework (2013).&rdquo; Based on this assessment
 management believes that
 as of December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016
our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria.





    
    


Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting


changes in the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting through the date of this report or during the
quarter ended December&nbsp;31
 2016
 that materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the
Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.

Independent Registered Accountant&rsquo;s
Internal Control Attestation


not include an attestation report of the Company&rsquo;s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by the Company&rsquo;s registered public accounting firm pursuant
to applicable law.

















    
    




ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
 AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


and directors as of April 3
 2017:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    




Kenneth DeCubellis
has been our chief executive officer since November&nbsp;9
&nbsp;2011. Prior to joining Black Ridge
 Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis
was the president and chief executive officer of Altra Inc. 
a venture capital backed biofuels company based in Los Angeles
 California. He joined Altra in June&nbsp;2006 as vice president
business development and was promoted to president in November of 2007 and chief executive officer in February 2008. From 1996
to 2006
 he was an executive with Exxon Mobil Corp in Houston
 Texas. Mr. DeCubellis also previously served as the chairman of
KD Global Energy Belize Ltd.
 a company that provides technical and business services for petroleum lease holders in Belize. Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis
holds a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
 an MBA from Northwestern University&rsquo;s JL Kellogg
Graduate School of Management
 and a Masters of Engineering Management from Northwestern University&rsquo;s McCormick School of
Engineering.



Leadership experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis has been our chief executive officer since November&nbsp;9
&nbsp;2011
chief executive officer of Altra Inc. (2008 to 2011)
 vice president- president of Altra Inc. (2006 to 2011)
 and an executive
with Exxon Mobil Corp in Houston
 Texas. (1996 to 2006).

Industry experience - Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis has been our chief executive officer from November&nbsp;9
&nbsp;2011
and has broad energy experience as
 chief executive officer of Altra Inc.
 a biofuel company
 and executive experience with Exxon
Mobil Corp.

Education experience - Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Rensselaer Polytechnic
Institute (1990)
 an MBA from Northwestern University&rsquo;s JL Kellogg Graduate School of Management (1996)
 and a Masters of
Engineering Management from Northwestern University&rsquo;s McCormick School of Engineering (1996).


has been the chief operating officer of Black Ridge since August&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2013
 and prior to that had served as the Company&rsquo;s
vice president of land since August&nbsp;2012
 overseeing the Company&rsquo;s acreage portfolio and managing acquisitions and divestitures.
Mr. Eisele brings over six years of oil and gas lease experience in the Williston Basin and greater Rocky Mountain region. Prior
to joining the Company
 Mr. Eisele was the co-owner and landman of High West Resources
 Ltd. from 2011 to 2012
 the owner of Eisele
Resources LLC from 2009 to 2012
 and a self-employed landman from 2007 to 2009. Mr. Eisele is a graduate of Luther College (B.A.).



Leadership experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Eisele has been our chief operating officer since August&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2013
and our vice president of land from August 2012 to July 2013
 co-owner and landman of High West Resources
 Ltd. (2011 to 2012)
owner of Eisele Resources LLC (2009 to 2012) and a self-employed landman (2007 to 2009).

Industry experience - Mr.&nbsp;Eisele has been our chief operating officer from August&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2013
and has over five years of oil and gas lease experience in the Williston Basin and greater Rocky Mountain region.







When Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis became CEO of Altra Inc in 2008
 the company was in deep financial distress. Mr.&nbsp;DeCubellis implemented
a comprehensive corporate wide restructuring effort that was completed in 2009. This included restructuring and eliminating all
of the debt at Altra Inc
 raising capital at Altra Inc and refocusing the strategy of the company on a technology license. As part
of this restructuring
 certain wholly-owned subsidiaries of Altra
 Inc. surrendered assets to lenders or entered in receivership.





    
    



has been the chief financial officer of Black Ridge since March&nbsp;14
 2011. Mr.&nbsp;Moe had previously been the chief
financial officer of Northern Contours Inc.
 a multi-state manufacturing company located in Mendota Heights
 Minnesota specializing
in cabinet doors and work surfaces
 since August 2005. From January 2004 to August 2005
 he was the chief financial officer of
Trimodal Inc.
 a trucking and container handling company located in Bloomington
 Minnesota
 which operated in seven cities in the
Midwest and East Coast. From April 2000 to December 2003
 Mr. Moe was the corporate controller of Simondelivers.com
 a venture
capital backed start-up company located in Golden Valley
 Minnesota providing home delivery of groceries ordered over the internet.
From October 1994 to April 2000
 he was the corporate controller of Recovery Engineering Inc.
 a high growth publicly traded manufacturer
and distributor of small-scale water filters located in Brooklyn Park
 Minnesota. From November 1989 to October 1994
 Mr. Moe was
the controller of Standard Iron and Wire Works
 a privately held multi-division metal fabricator operating three plants in Minnesota.
Upon graduating from the University of Minnesota with a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting in 1985
 Mr. Moe worked as a senior
accountant until November 1989 for Boulay
 Heutmaker
 Zibell &amp; Company.



Leadership experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Moe has been our chief financial officer since March&nbsp;14
&nbsp;2011
chief financial officer of Northern Contours Inc. (2005 to 2011)
 and chief financial officer of Trimodal Inc. (2004 to 2005).

Industry experience - Mr.&nbsp;Moe has been our chief financial officer since March&nbsp;14
&nbsp;2011
and has served as a chief financial officer for businesses in other industries. Black Ridge is the first oil and gas company for
which Mr. Moe has provided management services.

Education experience - Mr.&nbsp;Moe holds a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting from the University
of Minnesota (1985).

has
been a director of Black Ridge since our inception and our chairman since November 12
 2010. He was our chief
executive officer from November 12
 2010 to November&nbsp;9
 2011
 our chief financial officer between
November&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2010 and November 15
 2010
 and our corporate secretary from November 12
 2010 to
February&nbsp;22
 2011. Mr.&nbsp;Berman is the president of King Show Games
 Inc.
 a company he founded in 1998.
Mr.&nbsp;Berman has worked in various capacities in casino gaming from 1992 to 2004 for Grand Casinos
&nbsp;Inc. and then
Lakes Entertainment
 Inc.
 achieving the position of Vice President of Gaming
 after which he assumed a lesser role in
that company. Mr. Berman was a director of Voyager Oil and Gas
 Inc. (formerly Ante4 and WPT) from August 2004 to
November 2010.


 who
is one of our directors
 is Mr. Brad Berman&rsquo;s father



Leadership experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Berman has been our chairman since November&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2010
and was our chief executive officer from November&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2010 to November&nbsp;9
&nbsp;2011 and he is the founder and president
of King Show Games
&nbsp;Inc.

Finance experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Berman is the founder and president of King Show Games
&nbsp;Inc.

Industry experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Berman was a director of Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
until November 2010.

Education experience - Mr.&nbsp;Berman attended Mankato State University in Minnesota and University
of Nevada at Las Vegas in Nevada concentrating in business and computer science.

Benjamin S. Oehler
has been a director of Black Ridge since November&nbsp;16
&nbsp;2010
 and chairman of our audit committee and compensation
committee since February&nbsp;22
 2011. Mr. Oehler is the president and founder of Bashaw Group
&nbsp;Inc.
 which he founded
in 2007. Bashaw Group advises business owners with regard to strategic planning
 owner governance and education
 business continuity
legacy
 philanthropy and liquidity. Bashaw Group is also affiliated with a similar company
 Linea Capital
 LLC. Prior to founding
Bashaw Group
 Mr. Oehler was from 1999 to 2007 the president and chief executive officer of Waycrosse
&nbsp;Inc.
 a financial advisory
firm for the family owners of Cargill Incorporated. While at Waycrosse
 Mr.&nbsp;Oehler was the primary advisor to the five family
members who were serving on the Cargill Incorporated board of directors from 1999 to 2006. Mr.&nbsp;Oehler played a key role in
two major growth initiatives for Cargill: the merger of Cargill&rsquo;s fertilizer business into a public company which is now
Mosaic
&nbsp;Inc.
 and the transformation of Cargill&rsquo;s proprietary financial markets trading group into two major investment
management companies: Black River Asset Management
 LLC and CarVal Investors
 LLC. An investment banker for 20 years
Mr.&nbsp;Oehler&rsquo;s transaction experience includes public offerings and private placements of debt and equity securities
mergers and acquisitions
 fairness opinions and valuations of private companies. Prior to joining Waycrosse
 Mr.&nbsp;Oehler was
an investment banker for Piper Jaffray. By the time he left Piper Jaffray in 1999
 he was group head for Piper&rsquo;s Industrial
Growth Team. He has also played a leadership role in a number of corporate buy-outs and venture stage companies
 served on corporate
and non-profit boards of directors
 and has been involved in the creation and oversight of foundations and charitable organizations
as well as U.S. trusts and off-shore entities.





    
    



a board member and founder of many non-profit organizations including the Minnesota Zoological Society
 Minnesota Landscape Arboretum
The Lake Country Land School
 Greencastle Tropical Study Center
 Park Nicollet Institute
 Afton Historical Society Press
 United
Theological Seminary and University of Minnesota Investment Advisor
 Inc. He has been a director of Waycrosse
&nbsp;Inc.
 WayTrust&nbsp;Inc.
Dain Equity Partners
&nbsp;Inc.
 Time Management
&nbsp;Inc.
 BioNIR
&nbsp;Inc. and Agricultural Solutions
&nbsp;Inc. In September
2007
 Mr.&nbsp;Oehler completed the Stanford University Law School Directors Forum
 a three-day update on key issues facing corporate
directors presented by the Stanford Business School and Stanford Law School. From 1984 through 1999
 Mr.&nbsp;Oehler was registered
with the National Association of Securities Dealers (&ldquo;NASD&rdquo;) as a financial principal. Mr.&nbsp;Oehler is a graduate
of the University of Minnesota College of Liberal Arts and has completed all course work at the University of Minnesota Business
School with a concentration in finance.



Leadership experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Oehler is the president and founder of Bashaw Group
&nbsp;Inc.
(2007 to present)
 was the president and chief executive officer of Waycrosse
&nbsp;Inc. (1999 to 2007). He served as an investment
banker for Piper Jaffray until 1999
 achieving the position of group head of its Industrial Growth Team.

Industry experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Oehler has been a director of Waycrosse
&nbsp;Inc.
 WayTrust&nbsp;Inc.
Dain Equity Partners
&nbsp;Inc.
 Time Management
&nbsp;Inc.
 BioNIR
&nbsp;Inc. and Agricultural Solutions
&nbsp;Inc.

Education experience - Mr.&nbsp;Oehler is a graduate of the University of Minnesota College of
Liberal Arts.


was appointed as a director of the Company to fill a newly-created directorship seat on August&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2012. Mr.&nbsp;Lahti
is a Minneapolis native and leader in numerous Minnesota business and community organizations. As principal of JL Holdings since
1989
 Mr.&nbsp;Lahti has provided funding and management leadership to several early-stage or distressed companies. From 1993 to
2002
 he held the positions of chief operating officer
 president
 chief executive officer and chairman at Shuffle Master
&nbsp;Inc.
a company that provided innovative products to the gaming industry. Mr.&nbsp;Lahti served as Chairman of the Board of PokerTek
&nbsp;Inc.
a publicly traded company sold in October 2014
 and he is also an independent director and Chairman of the Board of AFAM/Innealta.
Within the past five years Mr.&nbsp;Lahti served on the board of directors of Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
 and more than five
years ago Mr.&nbsp;Lahti served as the Chairman of the Board of directors of Shuffle Master
&nbsp;Inc. and served on the board
of directors of Zomax
&nbsp;Inc. Through his public company Board experience
 he has participated on
 and chaired
 both Audit and
Compensation Committees.



Leadership experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Lahti is a principal of JL Holdings (1989 to present). Mr.&nbsp;Lahti
recently served as Chairman of the Board of PokerTek
&nbsp;Inc.
 a publicly traded company. He served as chief executive officer
and chairman of Shuffle Master
&nbsp;Inc.
 a publicly traded company (1997-2002).

Industry experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Lahti has participated as an independent director in several
public companies in a variety of other industries
 including serving as an independent director of Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
and serving as the compensation committee chair for Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. and Poker Tek
&nbsp;Inc. and compensation
committee member of Zomax&nbsp;Inc. and several private companies.

Education experience &ndash; Mr.&nbsp;Lahti holds Bachelor of Arts degree in economics from Harvard
University.

Lyle
 was appointed as a director of the Company to fill a newly-created directorship seat on October 26
 2016 and was
appointed to our audit committee on December 12
 2016. Mr. Berman began his career with Berman Buckskin
 his family's leather business.
He helped grow the business into a major specialty retailer with 27 outlets. 
Buckskin to WJL Grace in 1979
 Mr. Berman continued as President and Chief Executive Officer and led the company to become one
the county's largest retail leather chains

 Mr. Berman participated
in the founding of Grand Casinos
 Inc. Mr. Berman is credited as one of the early visionaries in the development of casinos outside
of the traditional gaming markets of Las Vegas and Atlantic City. In less than five years
 the company opened eight casino resorts
in four states. In 1994
 Mr. Berman financed the initial development of Rainforest Cafe. He served as the Chairman and CEO from
1994 unti1 2000. In October 1995
 Mr. Berman was honored with the B'nai B'rith &quot;Great American Traditions Award.&quot; In
April 1996
 he received the Gaming Executive of the Year Award; in 2004
 Mr. Berman was inducted into the Poker Hall of Fame; and
in 2009
 he received the Casino Lifetime Achievement Award from Raving Consulting &amp; Casino Journal. In 1998
 Lakes Entertainment
Inc. was formed. 





    
    



 as Chairman of
the Board and CEO of Lakes Entertainment
 Inc.
 Mr. Berman was instrumental in creating the World Poker Tour. Mr. Berman served
as the Executive Chairman of the Board of WPT Enterprises
 Inc. (later known as Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and Emerald Oil
 Inc.)
from its inception in February 2002 until July 2013. Mr. Berman also served as a director of PokerTek
 Inc. from January 2005 until
October 2014
 including serving as Chairman of the Board from January 2005 until October 2011.


 who
is chairman of our Board of Directors
 is Mr. Lyle Berman&rsquo;s son.


qualifications:

Mr. Berman served as Chairman of the Board
and CEO of Lakes Entertainment
 Inc. (1999-2015). He served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Grand Casinos
 Inc. (the
predecessor to Lakes) (1991-1998). He served as the Executive Chairman of the Board of WPT Enterprises
 Inc. (later known as Voyager
Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and Emerald Oil
 Inc.) (2002-2013). He served as Chairman of the Board of PokerTek
 Inc. (2005-2011). He served
Chief Executive Officer of Rainforest Caf&eacute;
 Inc. (1994-2000).

 Inc.
 Redstone American Grill
 Inc. and Mill
City Ventures III
 Ltd.

He served as the Executive Chairman of the
Board of Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. (later known as Emerald Oil
 Inc.) (2010-2013).

Mr. Berman holds a degree in Business Administration
from the University of Minnesota.


to make any specific amount or percentage of his business time available to us. Each of our officers intends to devote such amount
of his or her time to our affairs as is required or deemed appropriate.






a standing nominating committee
 but rather the Board of Directors as a whole considers director nominees. The Board of Directors
has determined this is appropriate given the size of the Board of Directors and the Company&rsquo;s current size. The Board will
consider candidates suggested by its members
 other directors
 senior management and stockholders in anticipation of upcoming elections
and actual or expected board vacancies. The Board of Directors has not adopted a formal diversity policy or established specific
minimum criteria or qualifications because from time to time the needs of the Board and the Company may change. All candidates
including those recommended by stockholders
 are evaluated on the same basis in light of the entirety of their credentials and
the needs of the Board of Directors and the Company. Of particular importance is the candidate&rsquo;s wisdom
 integrity
 ability
to make independent analytical inquiries
 understanding of the business environment in which the Company operates
 as well as his
or her potential contribution to the diversity of the Board of Directors and his or her willingness to devote adequate time to
fulfill his or her duties as a director. The Board of Directors will consider director candidates recommended by the Company&rsquo;s
stockholders. Stockholders may recommend director candidates by contacting the Chairman of the Board as provided under the heading
&ldquo;Communications with the Board of Directors.&rdquo; The Company did not employ a search firm or pay fees to other third parties
in connection with seeking or evaluating board nominee candidates.




&nbsp;2016
the Board of Directors held four meetings
 the Audit Committee held four meetings
 and the Compensation Committee held one meeting.
Each of our elected Directors attended at least 75% of all meetings of the Board of Directors and the committees on which he served
during the year.




an annual meeting of stockholders in 2016. If the Company holds an annual meeting of stockholders in the future
 the Board of Directors
will encourage Directors to attend such annual meeting.





    
    





has no formal policy with respect to separation of the positions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer or with respect to whether
the Chairman should be a member of management or an independent director
 and believes that these are matters that should be discussed
and determined by the Board from time to time based on the position and direction of the Company and the membership of the Board.
The Board has determined that having Bradley Berman serve as Chairman is in the best interest of the Company&rsquo;s stockholders
at this time due to his extensive knowledge of the Company. Further
 the separation of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
positions allows the Chief Executive Officer to focus on the management of the Company&rsquo;s day-to-day operations.




believes that risk management is an important component of the Company&rsquo;s corporate strategy. The Board
 as a whole
 oversees
our risk management process
 and discusses and reviews with management major policies with respect to risk assessment and risk
management. The Board is regularly informed through its interactions with management and committee reports about risks we currently
face
 as well as the most likely areas of future risk
 in the course of our business including economic
 financial
 operational
legal and regulatory risks.




interested persons seeking to communicate directly with the Board of Directors
 the independent directors as a group or any of
the Audit or Compensation Committees of the Board of Directors
 should submit their written comments c/o Corporate Secretary at
our principal executive offices at 110 North Fifth Street
 Suite 410
 Minneapolis MN 55403 and should indicate in the address whether
the communication is intended for the Chairman of the Board
 the Independent Directors or a Committee Chair. The Chairman of the
Board will review any such communication at the next regularly scheduled Board of Directors meeting unless
 in his or her judgment
earlier communication to the Board of Directors is warranted.


Board of Directors
 we reserve the right to screen all materials sent to its directors for potential security risks
 harassment
purposes or routine solicitations.




has adopted a Code of Ethics which applies to our directors
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and other Company
employees who perform similar functions.




Act requires the Company&rsquo;s directors
 executive officers and persons who own more than 10% of a registered class of the Company&rsquo;s
securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common stock and other equity
securities of the Company. Directors
 executive officers and greater than 10% stockholders are required by SEC regulation to furnish
the Company with copies of all Section&nbsp;16(a) reports they file. To our knowledge
 based solely on the review of the copies
of these forms furnished to us and representations that no other reports were required
 the Company believes that all forms required
to be filed under Section 16 of the Exchange Act for the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 were filed timely.












    
    







a &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act and Item&nbsp;10 of Regulation
S-K. Accordingly
 and in accordance with relevant SEC rules and guidance
 we have elected
 with respect to the disclosures required
by Item 402 (Executive Compensation) of Regulation&nbsp;S-K
 to comply with the disclosure requirements applicable to smaller reporting
companies. The following Compensation Overview is not comparable to the &ldquo;Compensation Discussion and Analysis&rdquo; that
is required of SEC reporting companies that are not smaller reporting companies.


Overview describes the material elements of compensation for our executive officers identified in the Summary Compensation Table
(&ldquo;Named Executive Officers&rdquo;)
 and executive officers that we may hire in the future. As more fully described below
our board&rsquo;s compensation committee reviews and recommends policies
 practices
 and procedures relating to the total direct
compensation of our executive officers
 including the Named Executive Officers
 and the establishment and administration of certain
of our employee benefit plans to our board of directors.




is based on the premise of attracting
 retaining
 and motivating exceptional leaders
 setting high goals
 working toward the common
objectives of meeting the expectations of customers and stockholders
 and rewarding outstanding performance. Following this philosophy
we consider all relevant factors in determining executive compensation
 including the competition for talent
 our desire to link
pay with performance
 the use of equity to align executive interests with those of our stockholders
 individual contributions
teamwork
 and each executive&rsquo;s total compensation package. We strive to accomplish these objectives by compensating all executives
with compensation packages consisting of a combination of competitive base salary and incentive compensation.


by our Named Executive Officers is based primarily on the levels at which we can afford to retain them and their responsibilities
and individual contributions. Our compensation policy also reflects our strategy of minimizing general and administration expenses
and utilizing independent professional consultants. Our compensation committee and board of directors apply the compensation philosophy
and policies described below to determine the compensation of Named Executive Officers.


the compensation and benefits we consider is to attract
 retain
 and motivate highly talented individuals who will engage in the
behavior necessary to enable us to succeed in our mission
 while upholding our values in a highly competitive marketplace. Different
elements are designed to engender different behaviors
 and the actual incentive amounts which may be awarded to each Named Executive
Officer are subject to the annual review of our compensation committee who will make recommendations regarding compensation to
our board of directors. The following is a brief description of the key elements of our planned executive compensation structure.




Incentive compensation awards are designed to focus employees on the business objectives for a
particular year.

Equity incentive awards
 such as stock options and non-vested stock
 focus executives&rsquo; efforts
on the behaviors within the recipients&rsquo; control that they believe are designed to ensure our long-term success as reflected
in increases to our stock prices over a period of several years
 growth in our profitability and other elements.

Severance and change in control plans are designed to facilitate a company&rsquo;s ability to attract
and retain executives as we compete for talented employees in a marketplace where such protections are commonly offered.




benchmarking but may do so in the future. When making compensation decisions
 our compensation committee and board of directors
may compare each element of compensation paid to our Named Executive Officers against a report showing comparable compensation
metrics from a group that includes both publicly-traded and privately-held companies. Our board believes that while such peer group
benchmarks are a point of reference for measurement
 they are not necessarily a determining factor in setting executive compensation.
Each executive officer&rsquo;s compensation relative to the benchmark varies based on the scope of responsibility and time in the
position. We have not yet formally established our peer group for this purpose.





    
    







salaries are based on job responsibilities and individual contribution. Our compensation committee and board of directors review
the base salaries of our executive officers
 including our Named Executive Officers
 considering factors such as corporate progress
toward achieving objectives (without reference to any specific performance-related targets) and individual performance experience
and expertise. Other than the Change of Control Agreements described below
 none of our Named Executive Officers have employment
agreements with us. Additional factors reviewed by our compensation committee and board of directors in determining appropriate
base salary levels and raises include subjective factors related to corporate and individual performance. For the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016
all executive officer base salary decisions were approved by the board of directors.


determines and then recommends to the whole board base salaries for the Named Executive Officers at the beginning of each fiscal
year. The compensation committee proposes new base salary amounts
 if appropriate
 based on its evaluation of individual performance
and expected future contributions. The board of directors then approves base salary amounts for the fiscal year. In 2014
 we did
not have a 401(k) Plan. We put our 401K Plan in place for 2015
 but suspended matching contributions for 2016
 except those mandated
by IRS rules. Compensation paid in cash is the only element of compensation that will be used in determining the amount of contributions
permitted under the 401(k) Plan.




has not yet recommended a formal compensation policy for the determination of bonuses
 however
 on December 12
&nbsp;2016
 our
board of directors granted to our Named Executive Officers bonuses consisting of a total of 2
154
000 non-qualified common stock
options to purchase common stock at $0.04 per share
 exercisable over 10 years
 vesting in three equal annual installments beginning
one year from the date of grant.


 industry
conditions improve
 and bonuses become affordable and justifiable
 we expect to use the following parameters in justifying and
quantifying bonuses for our Named Executive Officers and other officers of the Company: (1) the growth in our revenue
 (2) the
growth in our earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization
 as adjusted (&ldquo;EBITDA&rdquo;)
 and (3) our stock
price. The board has not adopted specific performance goals and target bonus amounts
 but may do so in the future.




&nbsp;2010
as amended on February&nbsp;22
&nbsp;2011 and March&nbsp;2
&nbsp;2012
 our board of directors adopted the Amended and Restated
2012 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2012 Plan) under which a total of 7
500
000 shares of our common stock have been reserved for issuance
as restricted stock or pursuant to the grant and exercise of stock options. The 2012 Plan has been approved by the holders of a
majority of our outstanding shares.


 effective
December 12
 2016
 our board of directors adopted the 2016 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan (the 2016 Plan) under which a total
of 3
813
500 shares of our common stock have been reserved for issuance pursuant to the grant and exercise of non-qualified stock
options.


awards motivate our employees to work to improve our business and stock price performance
 thereby further linking the interests
of our senior management and our stockholders. The board considers several factors in determining whether awards are granted to
an executive officer
 including those previously described
 as well as the executive&rsquo;s position
 his or her performance and
responsibilities
 and the amount of options or other awards
 if any
 currently held by the officer and their vesting schedule.
Our policy prohibits backdating options or granting them retroactively.




we have benefits that are generally comparable to those offered by other small private and public companies and no prerequisites
for our employees. Other than a 401(k) Plan that we put in place at the beginning of 2015
 we do not have any other retirement
plan for our Named Executive Officers. We may adopt these plans and confer other fringe benefits for our executive officers in
the future.





    
    





agreements with our Named Executive Officers or any other executive officer or employee of the Company. However
 as of the date
of this filing
 we have entered into Change of Control Agreements (the &ldquo;CIC Agreements&rdquo;) with executives
 Ken DeCubellis
James Moe
 and Michael Eisele. The CIC Agreements provide that
 in the event that (i) the executive is terminated
 other than for
cause
 disability
 or death
 or (ii) there is a &ldquo;Change in Circumstances&rdquo;
 in either case within 12 months of a &ldquo;Change
in Control
&rdquo; then the executive is entitled to receive his annual salary in regular distributions over the course of the
next 12 months
 to take part in the Company&rsquo;s health and dental group policies
 and to receive the same employer contributions
for health and dental coverage that the Company provides to its other executive employees as of the executive&rsquo;s last day
of employment with the Company.


Agreements
 a &ldquo;Change in Control&rdquo; is broadly defined to include the acquisition by any person
 entity
 or group of
at least 33% of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding voting securities entitled to vote for the election of directors (excluding equity
offerings)
 a turnover of at least a majority of the board seats from the date of the Change in Control Agreement (subject to exceptions
for new board members who are approved by a majority of incumbent directors)
 and approval by our stockholders of a major corporate
transaction such as a sale of substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s assets
 liquidation or dissolution of the Company
 or a
merger or consolidation in which our stockholders hold 50% or less of the equity in the surviving entity.


is defined by the Change in Control Agreements to include demotions or substantial changes in material duties
 salary reductions
that are not applied equally to other similarly situated executives
 required relocation to a destination more than 50 miles away
a substantial reduction in benefits and perquisites
 or any other material change in the terms and conditions of the applicable
executive&rsquo;s employment. In order for a Change in Circumstances to give rise to the Company&rsquo;s obligation to provide
severance and the benefits described above to an executive
 the executive must object to the Change in Circumstances within 30
days of its occurrence.




forth the total compensation paid in all forms to our named executive officers of the Company during the periods indicated:



    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 
    
276
058
    
47
925
    
    
    
323
983

    
    
275
904
    
28
676
    
    
    
304
580

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 
    
187
719
    
19
903
    
    
    
207
622

    
    
177
627
    
28
676
    
    
    
206
303

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 
    
193
240
    
17
912
    
    
    
211
152

    
    
189
740
    
21
507
    
    
    
211
247

See Note&nbsp;14 of our audited
financial statements included herein for additional information on assumptions made in the valuation of option awards.





    
    





Control Agreements described above
 we have not entered into any employment agreements with our executive officers to date. We
may enter into employment agreements with them in the future.




forth information with respect to unexercised stock options
 stock that has not vested
 and equity incentive plan awards held by
our executive officers at December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016.




    
    
 Underlying 
Unexercised Options
 (#) Exercisable
    
 Underlying 
Unexercised Options
 (#) Unexercisable
    
 Exercise 
Price
    
 Date

    
    
    
    
    

Kenneth T. DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer
    
1
204
000
    
December 11
 2026

    
40
000
160
000
    
September&nbsp;29
&nbsp;2025

    
23
200
34
800
    
December&nbsp;21
&nbsp;2024

    
450
000
300
000
    
December&nbsp;11
&nbsp;2023

    
240
000
160
000
    
January&nbsp;23
&nbsp;2023

    
800
000
200
000
    
September&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2022

    
    
    
    
    

Michael Eisele
 Chief Operating Officer
    
500
000
    
December 11
 2026

    
40
000
160
000
    
September&nbsp;29
&nbsp;2025

    
16
000
24
000
    
December&nbsp;21
&nbsp;2024

    
150
000
100
000
    
December&nbsp;11
&nbsp;2023

    
99
000
66
000
    
July&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2023

    
99
000
66
000
    
January&nbsp;23
&nbsp;2023

    
120
000
30
000
    
August&nbsp;9
&nbsp;2022

    
    
    
    
    

James Moe
 Chief Financial Officer
    
450
000
    
December 11
 2026

    
30
000
120
000
    
September&nbsp;29
&nbsp;2025

    
16
000
24
000
    
December&nbsp;21
&nbsp;2024

    
120
000
80
000
    
December&nbsp;11
&nbsp;2023

    
69
000
46
000
    
January&nbsp;23
&nbsp;2023

    
400
000
100
000
    
September&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2022

    
200
000
    
    
November&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2021

Options granted on December 12
2016
 vest in three equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing on the next two anniversaries
thereof until fully vested.
Options granted on September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2015
vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries
thereof until fully vested.
Options granted on December&nbsp;22
&nbsp;2014
vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries
thereof until fully vested.
Options granted on December&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2013
vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries
thereof until fully vested.
Options granted on January&nbsp;24
&nbsp;2013
vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries
thereof until fully vested.
Options granted on September&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2012
vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries
thereof until fully vested.
Options granted on August&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2013
vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries
thereof until fully vested.
Options granted on August&nbsp;10
&nbsp;2012
vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries
thereof until fully vested.
Options granted on November&nbsp;2
&nbsp;2011
vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries
thereof until fully vested.





    
    





officers exercised any stock options or acquired stock through vesting of an equity award during the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2016.




the compensation paid or accrued by us to our directors for the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016.



    
    
 Earned 
or Paid
 in Cash
    
 Award
    
 Awards
    
 Incentive
 Compensation
    
 Pension 
Value and
 Nonqualified
 Deferred
 Compensation
 Earnings
    
 Compensation
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
11
942
    
    
    
11
942

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
11
942
    
    
    
11
942

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
11
942
    
    
    
11
942

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
16
915
    
    
    
16
915

Effective December 12
 2016
we granted to each of our four directors options to purchase up to 300
000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.040
per share
 exercisable until December 12
&nbsp;2026
 vesting in three equal annual installments beginning on the one year anniversary
of the grant date. The value of these option awards was calculated utilizing the Black-Scholes Pricing Model.

Effective October 26
 2016
 upon being named to the
board
 we granted to Lyle Berman options to purchase up to 100
000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.050 per
share
 exercisable until October 25
&nbsp;2026
 vesting in three equal annual installments beginning on the one year anniversary
of the grant date. The value of these option awards was calculated utilizing the Black-Scholes Pricing Model.


has not yet recommended policy for board compensation
 however option awards have been granted to independent directors upon joining
the board and on an annual basis. The Company has not paid cash fees to directors and has no formal compensation arrangements with
its directors. While there is no set policy regarding board compensation
 this may be subject to change by the directors.








    
    


ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS


sets forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock as of April 3
 2017 by: (i)
each person who is known by us to own beneficially more than 5% of our common stock; (ii) each director; (iii) each named
executive officer; and (iv) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. On April 3
 2017
 we had
47
979
990 shares of common stock outstanding.


shares in our private offering which closed on December&nbsp;16
&nbsp;2010 with respect to 4
525
000 shares of our common stock
excluding shares purchased by our officers and directors
 have entered into a voting agreement that gives our board of directors
by majority vote
 the power to vote certain shares of common stock. The terms of the voting agreement provides that each agreement
is effective for one year from the date entered into and will automatically renew for subsequent one year periods unless the stockholder
gives notice of termination to us at least 30 days prior to the expiration of each annual period. In addition
 the voting agreements
expire:






below and elsewhere in this form
 the term &ldquo;beneficial ownership&rdquo; with respect to a security consists of sole or
shared voting power
 including the power to vote or direct the vote and/or sole or shared investment power
 including the
power to dispose or direct the disposition
 with respect to the security through any contract
 arrangement
 understanding
relationship
 or otherwise
 including a right to acquire such power(s) during the next 60 days following April
3
 2017. Inclusion of shares in the table does not
 however
 constitute an admission that the named
stockholder is a direct or indirect beneficial owner of those shares. Unless otherwise indicated
 (i) each person or entity
named in the table has sole voting power and investment power (or shares that power with that person&rsquo;s spouse) with
respect to all shares of capital stock listed as owned by that person or entity
 and (ii) the address of each person or
entity named in the table is c/o Black&nbsp;Ridge&nbsp;Oil&nbsp;&amp;&nbsp;Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
 110 Fifth Street North
Suite&nbsp;410
 Minneapolis
 Minnesota&nbsp;55403.



Name
 Title and Address of Beneficial Owner
    
    

Bradley Berman
 Chairman of Board and Director
6
290
731
    

Ken DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer
1
849
200
    

Michael Eisele
 Chief Operating Officer
557
000
    

James Moe
 Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary
858
000
    

Joseph Lahti
 Director
370
000
    

Benjamin Oehler
 Director
400
000
    

Lyle Berman
 Director
2
567
853
    

    
12
892
784
    

    
3
886
335
    



 LLC

 Bismarck
        
4
514
595
    



 Inc.

 Bismarck
        
4
514
594
    


        

 Suite C6

 NV 89119
2
500
000
    


Except as pursuant to applicable
community property laws
 the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common
stock beneficially owned. The total number of issued and outstanding shares and the total number of shares owned by each person
does not include unexercised warrants and stock options owned by parties other than for whom the calculation is presented
 and
is calculated as of April 3
 2017.




    
    


Includes 200
000
shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options that are exercisable within 60 days of April 3
 2017.
Includes 712
229 shares held by certain trusts for the children of Mr.&nbsp;Bradley Berman. Includes 185
898 shares owned by
Mr.&nbsp;Bradley Berman&rsquo;s wife.
Includes 1
633
200 shares which
may be purchased pursuant to stock options that are exercisable within 60 days of April 3
 2017. Includes 5
000 shares
owned by Mr. Ken DeCubellis&rsquo; wife.
Includes 557
000 shares which
may be purchased pursuant to stock options that are exercisable within 60 days of April 3
 2017.
Includes 858
000 shares which
may be purchased pursuant to stock options that are exercisable within 60 days of April 3
 2017.
Includes 300
000 shares which
may be purchased pursuant to stock options that are exercisable within 60 days of April 3
 2017.
Includes 400
000 shares which
may be purchased pursuant to stock options that are exercisable within 60 days of April 3
 2017.
Includes 12
000 shares
which may be purchased pursuant to stock options that are exercisable within 60 days of April 3
 2017. Does not include
3
717
313 shares held by trusts for the children of Mr.&nbsp;Lyle Berman
 the trustee for which is Mr.&nbsp;Neil Sell.
Does not include a total of 4
525
000
additional shares over which our board of directors has voting but not dispositive power as a result of voting agreements between
us and certain other shareholders.
Includes 169
022 shares owned
by Mr.&nbsp;Sell
 individually
 and an aggregate of 3
717
313 shares owned by certain trusts for the benefit of Mr.&nbsp;Lyle Berman&rsquo;s
children
 for which Mr.&nbsp;Sell is the trustee. Does not include 19
000 shares held by Mr.&nbsp;Sell&rsquo;s spouse
 for which
Mr.&nbsp;Sell disclaims beneficial ownership.
These companies sold oil and
natural gas properties to us in various transactions and
 as part of the purchase price for these properties or down payments related
to transactions
 were issued these shares of common stock by us.
Based on Schedule 13G filed
February&nbsp;14
&nbsp;2013.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE






 2016 we leased office space
on a month to month basis where the lessor is an entity owned by our former CEO and current Chairman of the Board of Directors
Bradley Berman. Pursuant to the lease
 we occupied approximately 2
813 square feet of office space. We terminated the lease concurrent
with our move to another location on June 30
 2016. We paid a total of $36
183 and $69
703 to this entity during the years ended
December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and&nbsp;2015
 respectively.

Review and Approval
of Transactions with Related Persons


Audit Committee has adopted a related party transaction policy whereby any proposed transaction between the Company and any officer
or director
 any stockholder owning in excess of 5% of the Company&rsquo;s stock
 immediate family member of an officer or director
or an entity that is substantially owned or controlled by one of these individuals
 must be approved by a majority of the disinterested
members of the Audit Committee. The only exceptions to this policy are for transactions that are available to all employees of
the Company generally or involve less than $25
000. If the proposed transaction involves executive or director compensation
 it
must be approved by the Compensation Committee. Similarly
 if a significant opportunity is presented to any of the Company&rsquo;s
officers or directors
 such officer or director must first present the opportunity to the Board for consideration.


each meeting of the Audit Committee
 the Audit Committee meets with the Company's management to discuss any proposed related party
transactions. A majority of disinterested members of the Audit Committee must approve a transaction for the Company to enter into
it. If approved
 management will update the Audit Committee with any material changes to the approved transaction at its regularly
scheduled meetings.




quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board. As such
 we are not currently subject to corporate governance standards of listed companies
which require
 among other things
 that the majority of the board of directors be independent. We are not currently subject to
corporate governance standards defining the independence of our directors
 and we have chosen to define an &ldquo;independent&rdquo;
director in accordance with the NASDAQ Global Market&rsquo;s requirements for independent directors. Our Board of Directors has
determined that each of our directors is &ldquo;independent&rdquo; in accordance with the NASDAQ Global Market&rsquo;s requirements.
Thus
 a majority of the current Board of Directors is independent.





    
    



will review at least annually the independence of each director. During these reviews
 our Board of Directors will consider transactions
and relationships between each director (and his or her immediate family and affiliates) and us and our management to determine
whether any such transactions or relationships are inconsistent with a determination that the director was independent. The Board
of Directors will conduct its annual review of director independence and to determine if any transactions or relationships exist
that would disqualify any of the individuals who then served as a director under the rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market
 or require
disclosure under SEC rules.





 PLLC (&ldquo;M&amp;K&rdquo;)
was the Company&rsquo;s independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and&nbsp;2015
and has served the Company as its independent registered public accounting firm since our inception.




fees for professional services rendered by M&amp;K for the audit of the Company&rsquo;s annual financial statements for the years
ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and&nbsp;2015.



    



    
    
    

    
70
350
76
250

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
8
300
    

    
78
650
76
250




    
    


Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of
Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


responsible for appointing
 setting compensation for
 and overseeing the work of the Company&rsquo;s independent registered public
accounting firm. The Audit Committee has established a policy regarding pre-approval of all audit and permissible non-audit services
provided by the independent registered public accounting firm
 and all such services were approved by the Audit Committee in the
years ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 and&nbsp;2015.


requests for services by the independent registered public accounting firm using several factors. The Audit Committee will consider
whether such services are consistent with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board&rsquo;s and SEC&rsquo;s rules on auditor
independence. In addition
 the Audit Committee will determine whether the independent registered public accounting firm is best
positioned to provide the most effective and efficient service based upon the members&rsquo; familiarity with the Company&rsquo;s
business
 people
 culture
 accounting systems
 risk profile and whether the service might enhance the Company&rsquo;s ability to
manage or control risk or improve audit quality.




the Audit Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in its general oversight of the Company&rsquo;s financial reporting process.
The Audit Committee&rsquo;s function is more fully described in its charter
 which can be found on the Company&rsquo;s website
at www.blackridgeoil.com. The Committee reviews the charter on an annual basis. The Board of Directors has determined that each
member of the Committee is independent in accordance with the NASDAQ Global Market&rsquo;s requirements for independent directors.
The Board of Directors has also determined that Benjamin Oehler qualifies as an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert&rdquo;
within the meaning of Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. Management has the primary responsibility for the financial statements
and reporting process. The independent registered public accounting firm is responsible for auditing those financial statements
and expressing an opinion on the fairness of the audited financial statements based on the audit conducted in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board.






    
    



responsibilities set forth in its charter
 the Audit Committee has:

Reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements for the year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 with management and M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC
 the Company&rsquo;s independent auditors;

Discussed with M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC the matters required to be discussed by Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) Auditing Standard No.&nbsp;16 (Communication with Audit Committee); and

Received the written disclosures and the letter from M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC required by the applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC&rsquo;s communications with the audit committee concerning independence
 and has discussed with M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC its independence.


considered
 as it determined appropriate
 tax matters and other areas of financial reporting and the audit process over which the
Audit Committee has oversight.


review and discussions described above
 the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the audited financial statements
be included in the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016 for filing
with the SEC.



    

    

Benjamin Oehler
 

    

    
















    
    




ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES





    
    

    
    

&nbsp;Inc. (now Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.) and Ante5
&nbsp;Inc. (now Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.)
 dated April&nbsp;16
&nbsp;2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commissioner by Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on April&nbsp;19
&nbsp;2010)

    
    

    
    

&nbsp;Inc. on April&nbsp;3
&nbsp;2012)

    
    

    
    

 Inc. and Black Ridge
    Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
 dated December&nbsp;10
 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;2.1 of the Form 8-K filed
    with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on December&nbsp;12
 2012)

    
    

    
    

&nbsp;Inc. on December&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2012)

    
    

    
    

&nbsp;Inc. on December&nbsp;12
&nbsp;2012)

    
    

    
    

&nbsp;Inc. 2012 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Schedule 14C filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on March&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2012)

    
    

    
    

&nbsp;Inc. on September&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2012)

    
    

    
    

    8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on September&nbsp;27
    2012)

    
    

    
    

&nbsp;Inc. on December 14
 2016)

    
    

    
    

&nbsp;Inc. on December 14
 2016)

    
    

    
    

    December&nbsp;16
&nbsp;2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;9.1 of the Form S-1 filed with the Securities and
    Exchange Commission by Ante5
&nbsp;Inc. on August&nbsp;22
 2011)

    
    

    
    

&nbsp;2010
 by and between Ante4
&nbsp;Inc. and
    Ante5
&nbsp;Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 of the Form 10-12G Registration Statement filed by the
    Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April&nbsp;23
 2010)

    
    

    
    

&nbsp;Inc. (now Voyager Oil &amp;
    Gas
&nbsp;Inc.)
 Plains Energy Acquisition Corp. and Plains Energy Investments
&nbsp;Inc. (incorporated by reference to
    Exhibit&nbsp;2.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commissioner by Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on
    April&nbsp;19
 2010)

    
    

    
    

&nbsp;2009 by and among Peerless Media
&nbsp;Ltd. and WPT
    Enterprises
&nbsp;Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;2.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
    Commission by Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on August&nbsp;24
 2009)






    
    




    
    

&nbsp;2009 made by
    ElectraWorks&nbsp;Ltd. In favor of WPT Enterprises
&nbsp;Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;2.2 of the Form 8-K
    filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on August&nbsp;24
 2009)

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Indemnification Agreement with
    Officers and Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.16 of the Form 10-K filed with the Securities and
    Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on March&nbsp;24
 2013)

    
    
    

    
    
Change of Control Agreement
 dated
    April&nbsp;5
&nbsp;2013
 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. and Ken DeCubellis (incorporated by reference to
    Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp;
    Gas
 Inc. on April&nbsp;5
 2013)

    
    
    

    
    
Change of Control Agreement
 dated
    April&nbsp;5
&nbsp;2013
 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. and James Moe (incorporated by reference to
    Exhibit&nbsp;10.2 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp;
    Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on April&nbsp;5
 2013)

    
    
    

    
    
Change of Control Agreement
 dated
    August&nbsp;1
&nbsp;2013
 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. and Michael Eisele (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit&nbsp;10.3 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp;
    Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on August&nbsp;1
 2013)

    
    
    

    
    
Credit Agreement
 dated
    August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2013
 by and among Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
 as borrower
 and Cadence Bank
 N.A.
 as Lender
    (incorporated by reference to Exhibit&nbsp;10.1 of the Report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
    Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on August&nbsp;8
 2013)

    
    
    

    
    
Second Lien Credit Agreement
 dated
    August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2013
 by and among Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 as Borrower
 the several banks and other financial
    institutions or entities from time to time parties thereto
 as Lenders
 and Chambers Energy Management LP
 as Agent
    (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
    by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on August&nbsp;8
 2013)

    
    
    

    
    
Warrant
 dated August&nbsp;8
&nbsp;2013
    from Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. to Chambers Energy Capital II
 LP (incorporated by reference to
    Exhibit&nbsp;10.3 of the Report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp;
    Gas
 Inc. on August&nbsp;8
 2013)

    
    
    

    
    
Warrant dated
 August&nbsp;8
 2013
    from Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. to Chambers Energy Capital II TE
 LP (incorporated by reference to
    Exhibit&nbsp;10.4 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp;
    Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on August&nbsp;8
 2013)

    
    
    

    
    
Purchase and Sale Agreement
 dated
    November&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2013
 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
 as Buyer
 and a private company
    (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
    Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on November&nbsp;20
 2013)

    
    
    

    
    
First Amendment to Credit Agreement
 dated
    December&nbsp;13
 2013
 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
 as Borrower
 and Cadence Bank
 N.A.
    as Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and
    Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on December&nbsp;16
 2013)

    
    
    

    
    
First Amendment to Second Lien Credit
    Agreement
 dated December&nbsp;13
 2013
 by and among the Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 as Borrower
 Chambers Energy
    Management
 LP
 as Administrative Agent
 and the several other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to
    Exhibit 10.2 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp;
    Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on December&nbsp;16
 2013)

    
    
    

    
    
Second Amendment to Credit Agreement
    dated March&nbsp;24
 2014
 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 as Borrower
 and Cadence Bank
 N.A.
 as
    Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 of the Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and
    Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on March&nbsp;27
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Second Amendment to Second Lien Credit
    Agreement
 dated March&nbsp;24
 2014
 by and among the Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 as Borrower
 Chambers
    Energy Management
 LP
 as Administrative Agent
 and the several other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.27 of the Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil
    &amp; Gas
 Inc. on March&nbsp;27
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Third Amendment to Credit Agreement dated
    April&nbsp;21
 2014 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc.
 as Borrower
 and Cadence Bank
 N.A.
 as
    Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange
    Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on April&nbsp;23
 2014)





    
    





    
    
    

    
    
Consent Related
    to Second Lien Credit Agreement dated April&nbsp;21
 2014 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 as Borrower
    Chambers Energy Management
 LP
 as Agent and several other lenders as party thereto (incorporated by reference to
    Exhibit 10.2 of the Report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp;
    Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on April&nbsp;23
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Fourth
    Amendment to Credit Agreement dated September&nbsp;11
 2014 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 as Borrower
    and Cadence Bank
 N.A.
 as Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Report on Form 8-K filed
    with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
&nbsp;Inc. on
    September&nbsp;12
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Consent Related
    to Second Lien Credit Agreement dated September&nbsp;11
 2014 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 as
    Borrower
 Chambers Energy Management
 LP
 as Agent and several other lenders as party thereto (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.2 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil
    &amp; Gas
 Inc. on September&nbsp;12
 2014)

    
    
    

    
    
Fifth Amendment
    to Credit Agreement dated March&nbsp;30
 2015 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 as Borrower
 and Cadence
    Bank
&nbsp;N.A.
 as Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 of the Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities
    and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on March 30
 2015)

    
    
    

    
    
Third Amendment
    to Second Lien Credit Agreement
 dated March&nbsp;30
 2015
 by and among the Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 as
    Borrower
 Chambers Energy Management
 LP
 as Administrative Agent
 and the several other lenders party thereto
    (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 of the Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by
    Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on March 30
 2015)

    
    
    

    
    
Sixth Amendment
    to Credit Agreement dated August&nbsp;10
 2015 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 as Borrower
 and Cadence
    Bank
&nbsp;N.A.
 as Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities
    and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on August 13
 2015)

    
    
    

    
    
Fourth
    Amendment to Second Lien Credit Agreement
 dated August&nbsp;10
&nbsp;2015
 by and among the Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
    as Borrower
 Chambers Energy Management
 LP
 as Administrative Agent
 and the several other lenders party thereto
    (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by
    Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on August 13
 2015)

    
    
    

    
    
Limited
    Liability Company Agreement of Merced Black Ridge
 LLC dated July&nbsp;21
 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of
    the Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on November 12
    2015)

    
    
    

    
    
Management
    Services Agreement dated July&nbsp;21
 2015 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and Merced Black Ridge
 LLC
    (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by
    Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on November 12
 2015)

    
    
    

    
    
Limited Liability Company Agreement of Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC dated June&nbsp;21
&nbsp;2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on August 15
 2016)

    
    
    

    
    
Management Services Agreement dated June&nbsp;21
&nbsp;2016 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on August 15
 2016)

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    








    
    





of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.




Dated: April 6
 2017
BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.

    
    

    
    

    
/s/
    Kenneth DeCubellis

    
Kenneth DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer)






members of the Board of Directors of BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 Inc.
 whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints
each of James Moe or Kenneth DeCubellis
 such person&rsquo;s true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power of substitution
and resubstitution for such person and in such name
 place and stead
 in any and all capacities
 to sign the Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31
 2016 (the &ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;) of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and any or all amendments to
such Annual Report
 and to file the same
 with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities
and Exchange Commission
 granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every
act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises
 as fully to all intents and purposes as such person
might or could do in person
 hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent
 or his substitute or substitutes
may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.


of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 and Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed
by the following persons in the capacities indicated on the dates indicated.




    
Dated: April 6
 2017

Kenneth DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer 
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Dated: April 6
 2017

James Moe
 Chief Financial Officer 
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Dated: April 6
 2017

Bradley Berman
 Director
    

    
    

    
    

    
Dated: April 6
 2017

Lyle Berman
 Director
    

    
    

    
    

    
Dated: April 6
 2017

Joseph Lahti
 Director
    

    
    

    
    

    
Dated: April 6
 2017

Benjamin Oehler
 Director
    






    















     








 Kenneth DeCubellis
 certify that:


I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.;


Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this
report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others
within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and


Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting.


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on Black Ridge Oil
&amp; Gas&rsquo;s most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (of persons performing the equivalent functions):


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize
and report financial information; and


Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the small business issuer&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.


 2017




 Chief Executive Officer

Executive Officer)













     







 James Moe
 certify that:


I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.;


Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this
report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others
within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and


Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting.


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on Black Ridge Oil
&amp; Gas&rsquo;s most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (of persons performing the equivalent functions):


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize
and report financial information; and


Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the small business issuer&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.


 2017




 Chief Financial Officer

Officer)












     












Annual Report of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31
 2016
(the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Kenneth DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 USC Section
1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to the best of my knowledge and belief:


Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.



 2017






 Chief Executive
Officer




the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not
 except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended.













     












Annual Report of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31
 2016
(the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;) I
 James Moe
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350
 as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to the best of my knowledge and belief:


Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.



 2017






 Chief Financial Officer




the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not
 except to the extent required by the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
as amended.










begin 644 blackridge_logo.jpg

# P
!PD.#PT
#@L
# S_

# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
M# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P

50,VXSMP
D@'\G
M/^(V/]GG_HEWQG_\!]
_^2Z_5K]JG_DV#XC_ /8K:G_Z22U_)M_P;9_ CX=_



[S6@D=8E1A%B0*G+;?FSP


MZX_X*/:W^P[^R)X*T/X?^



M0RD94_* #^CFBOY]O%/[$_\ P5^_84TN7Q9X=^
-W\6;?3%\^XTRT\1'Q!+)

^-'A3PAX4T_4G%MX=.

L^/+[Q)I^JR07


M7^;(4@''M%?(O\ P7K_ .4.?[0W_8HW'_H24 ?$7_$;'^SS_P!$N^,__@/I
MG_R71_Q&Q_L\_P#1+OC/_P ^F__ 77Y_?\&D_['/PN_;+_ &JOBGH_Q3\

\

'&

;F]D\J.Y\5:7&EB&/3?/;RS

MDK


UAI6FZ?J6K&33HDN4FDDE

)


MB:!4/XG%7?\ @G__ 

MAGG




MTV([^!6+!0Y*IE@

OB)\1?V9/!WB'XKZ-HWAOQ]KNGKJ&J:/
MI:RB#23*2\=L?
9F



/'_
M 

M9_P4-_X-R/BY_P $A/ MC\:+VZ^'WQD\ ^&M1MSJ]J]O=1) 'D5(_M=MN1FM
MWD9$)CFW N

#:G;V5Y+JFHZN8I5DB@\PI&%3S41BJQ[F**-V
@@'[


+:E\56
ML(M)T2^C
-Y!8VHG87$T1&Z



&\]RS
RXV+@')P ?I#2.XC4DD  9)/:EK\


M/B/_ 

M_%CX9B=]/LGD6+_A(+&7:9K

M




M)]5UB:\(  UUC)RT$G5@







M5Z^2O^[W_*'C]H?_L3;O_V6OK6OD+_@O?K-GH__  1Y_: ^UW=K:?:O=S;
MP^?*L?G2MC;&N2



%9O!'_  2+_:+\;^
?'/AW



'8/_!2C2O%$OA.\\&_

MDVL%8+(6&5()4#C.:_ [_@I%_P $T?CY_P $)O\ @HW-^TU^SSHU]KWPXFU*

U!/F%J=[*DO[GSK(H-?3?AS_@\ _9G_:2^DOA

&66%BHDC5@KQ\8')H T/$O_!Z!^SG




M
?-\]=^)VF7[O&W':OT9_P


'#L=IZCXJ_X)!_\ !TA\&?\ @GC_ 
$[
M_A[\'_%/@'XG:SKWA%+Y;J\TJ*Q:TF
-O_P %*_V-]!^


GZ#H Q?B#\./#WQ:\(W?A_Q

M (16F_\ QFO9:* /&O\ AW/^SW_T0CX-?^$5IO\ \9KH_AS^R1\*?@]JXU#P
MC\



M#P=IT
XX
M1MC77-%MM0$8_P!GS4;'X5;^
GQP\'_L\^!+CQ/XZ\3:'X2\/VKK')J&JWB6
ML =CA$#.1N=CPJC+


M!F!*:(XDCW $KO49 .,XH C^%7['7PD^!6H+=^OA?\//-XO N-&\.VEC,
M/^!QQJWZUZ117.^,OBUX;^'OB3PWH^MZS8Z9J?C]?3M$MIY-LFIW*0O.T40
M_B811R.1_=1CVH Z*N/^+7[/G@'X^VUC#X[\#^$/&L6F
[V::]HUOJ2VC. '
M
8F1@A8*N2

MA10S;5 R1G  [5;^)/PJ\+_&;PM)H?C#PWH/BO199%E?3]8T^*^M7=3E6
4J

^M+0!YQ\-?V._A'\&?%2:[X/^%GPY\*:W%$\*:CHWAJRL;I

^-W[0_@C]F[PS;ZOXZ\3:5X9T^\N!:6TE[+M:
MZF*LWEQ(

MMQ;7D+C*R1R*2K*1W!H UJYCXJ_!/P9\=] ATKQQX1\

M+M[@745GKFEP:
MC;Q3 
HD6.964. S 
!G#'UKIZY#XV?'WP5^S=X);Q'X]\4Z'X2T195MUN]4

?%MEK_ (;^$/PP\/:[IK%[
M/4=
\*V-I=VK%2I









BY&Y@N%R




^Q?V
M]HEMJ7V/S-N_R_.1MF[8F=N

_CVW^'\[?#6U\(


M\A5].44 ?
?]L?MF?][^S'_ .%%KG_R%1_;'[9G_0N_LQ_^%%KG_P A5].4
M4 ?,?]L?MF?][^S'_X46N?_ %1_;'[9G_0N_LQ_P#A1:Y_\A5].44 ?,?]
ML?MF?][^S'_ .%%KG_R%1_;'[9G_0N_LQ_^%%KG_P A5].44 ?
?]L?MF?]
M[^S'_X46N?_ %1_;'[9G_0N_LQ_P#A1:Y_\A5].44 ?
?]L?MF?][^S'_
M .%%KG_R%1_;'[9G_0N_LQ_^%%KG_P A5].44 ?,?]L?MF?][^S'_X46N?_




MV/A[XAWU[JMS:VKRQ:; WA[5(%EF901&AEEB0






US4;Q;J4Q631S7#W5S;P6S_+-)%$N^23:O-?95%% '
MQ_\ \%+O!?Q(_:7^)7PT^%/@7PQHVK:#:7H\=^+Y_$_VJV\.ZC;V$T8LM)EG
MAAE\QY;QX[AH=IS'8




5@?VQ^V9_T+O[
?_A1:Y_\ (5?3E% '
MS'_;'[9G_0N_LQ_^%%KG_P A4?VQ^V9_T+O[
?\ X46N?_(5?3E% 'S'_;'[
M9G_0N_LQ_P#A1:Y_\A4?VQ^V9_T+O[
?_A1:Y_\ (5?3E% 'S'_;'[9G_0N_
MLQ_^%%KG_P A4?VQ^V9_T+O[
?\ X46N?_(5?3E% 'S'_;'[9G_0N_LQ_P#A
M1:Y_\A4?VQ^V9_T+O[
?_A1:Y_\ (5?3E% 'S'_;'[9G_0N_LQ_^%%KG_P A
M4?VQ^V9_T+O[
?\ X46N?_(5?3E% 'S'_;'[9G_0N_LQ_P#A1:Y_\A4?VQ^V
M9_T+O[


end








begin 644 mk_logo.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#V:BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB



/1Q@_F*0%NBH%N&'$L+I[CYA^E2JZN
MJP/TH =1110 45SNL^)I=







+[BYNH[<V*.\C!1L?'\ZZJL
<'

[*BN
_X36\_Y]K?]?\:5?&UUGYK2
M$_1B*?U2KV)_M+#]_P #LJ*Y:'QM$2!/9.ONC@_H:VK#6K#4OEMYQOZF-N&_

HS(6;&T]A6=_P )

PH3:BGJ_(Z2FE5)S@9]:=17




M8SVV\IYJ%=P[9KS_ $Z]D\
ZX1=QA\ H^P@\'N/RK+#THS3;U:Z&V
KU*4HI

:_Q-T_&F2B2


MW8NK:WV2 $#YB0


M KS3Q3KO]JZF5B;-M;DK'Z


M8:GH6GV45I#J5MLC7&?






MMK&RM(
'
MXKEJ4*\5O='H4L3A)23Y;/T_4ZZBD!# 



MP=2


MM-IL




MENBD)P
FH3=(S%8096']WH/J:YSJ.?\ &?AV75[9+NS&ZZ@!&S_GHOI]?2O




MN?\ CSB/_;=:5/AYXD8\VT?68?TK'ZO1_Y^'3]:Q'_/O\SUUUS2[ZZ-K:7
M\

M*$ZDXWJ1LSQ779\:_J(STN9/_0C5'[1[UU6J_#_7;S5[RZB:U\N:=Y$W2'.
M21GBJO\ PK;Q!_?L_P#OZ?\ O7C7I**]X^?GA*SDWRL]!@\.Z
\$;-IEN24




U/4[72+%[R\<I$F <#)))Q@J%MXOTZ V:GI/:0E#^M
M5_%WANZ\1V\$


/:93_6JVH:CH)@(O[JR=



L0W!NH]!^6*U***




M!MIZZ5+*=UQ.?H.:++4NHVL7_+3
M%%%% !1110 4444 12W$

MR+]T=O:F )=V\APLR'\:EJEJ$-J+=F955\?*1P2:CTAI2CAB3&

MAA;;)(JDC.#4@((!'0UCZO\ \?2_[G]:UHO]4G^Z* 'TA(52Q. !DFEJ.?\

0
P_(TZ*QMHA\L2D^K<FI?*C_N+^5(
M!L5S!



MWT?\

M+3XVB0^9



G;ZU6V#U;_ +[-4(VZ



*W$8)+$U?I#/_V0$!
end


















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        


        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        


        
        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          
          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        



      


      




          


          




      


      




          


          




      




          


          






          


          






          


          




      




          


          




      


      

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Capitalized Certain Payroll&#13;    and Other Internal Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Capitalized Interest Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7
219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;362
075&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 12.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7
219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;362


 2016 (prior to their disposition through our debt restructuring)&#13;and December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2015. A net well represents our percentage ownership of a gross well. The following tables do not include&#13;wells in which our interest is limited to royalty and overriding royalty interests. The following tables also do not include wells&#13;which were awaiting completion

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31

&#13;drilling costs and other associated capitalized costs. As of June 21
 2016 and December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2015
 our principal oil&#13;and gas assets included approximately 7
016 and 8
100&amp;#160;net acres
 respectively


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Purchases of&#13;    oil and natural gas properties and development costs for cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
858
134&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;20
714
004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Purchase of oil and natural&#13;    gas properties accrued at period end (prior to disposition)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
155
016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6
899
503&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Purchase of oil and natural&#13;    gas properties accrued at the beginning of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(6
899
503&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(9
364
796&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Capitalized&#13;    asset retirement obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
737&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;48
711&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 10pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total&#13;    purchase and development costs
 oil and natural gas properties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
118
384&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;18
297

&#13;the Company sold
 prior to our debt restructuring
 approximately 14&amp;#160;net mineral acres of oil and natural gas properties for&#13;total proceeds of $94

 2016&#13;we disposed of all of our oil and gas properties
 with net carrying costs of $24
498
638

&#13;the Company purchased approximately 9&amp;#160;net mineral acres of oil and natural gas properties in North Dakota and Montana. In&#13;consideration for the assignment of these mineral leases
 we paid the sellers a total of approximately $102

&#13;the Company sold approximately 14&amp;#160;net mineral acres of oil and natural gas properties and rights to individual well bores&#13;in North Dakota for total proceeds of $127

 2016
 we had leases encompassing 1
079 net acres expire with carrying costs of $650


 the fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation is recorded in the&#13;period in which it is incurred and a corresponding increase in the carrying amount of the related long lived asset. The liability&#13;is accreted to its present value each period
 and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset.&#13;If the liability is settled for an amount other than the recorded amount


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Beginning asset retirement obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;368
089&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;286
804&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 20pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Liabilities incurred for&#13;    new wells placed in production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
737&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;48
711&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 20pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Accretion of discount on&#13;    asset retirement obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;16
258&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;32
574&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 20pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Liability&#13;    relieved in debt restructuring&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(389
084&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Ending asset retirement obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;368



 as such


 the counterparty is required to make a payment to the Company if the settlement price for any settlement period&#13;is less than the swap price and the Company is required to make a payment to the counterparty if the settlement price for any&#13;period is greater than the swap price. For a collar contract
 the counterparty is required to make a payment to the Company if&#13;the settlement price for any settlement period is below the floor price


 2016
 the Company had no outstanding derivative contracts. As of June 21
 2016 all of our then outstanding derivative contracts
&#13;with a mark-to-market liability valuation of $3
134
336

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Realized gain on derivatives:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left; text-indent: 4.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Crude oil fixed price swaps&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;922
872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
325
126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 4.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Crude oil collars&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;120
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
152
527&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Realized gain on derivatives
&#13;    net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
043
026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11
477
653&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gain (loss) on the mark-to-market of derivatives:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 4.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Crude oil fixed price swaps&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(4
157
491&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(5
669
678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 4.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Crude oil collars&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(131
245&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(755
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gain (loss) on the mark-to-market&#13;    of derivatives
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(4
288
736&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(6
425

&#13;&lt;i&gt;Balance Sheet (Topic 210)-Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities&lt;/i&gt;

 the amounts offset under the netting&#13;arrangements with counterparties
 and the resulting net amounts presented in the condensed balance sheets for the periods presented

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;amounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;amounts of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;amounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;amounts of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;amounts of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;offset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;amounts of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;offset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;recognized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;on balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;on balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;recognized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;on balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;on balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 28%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Commodity derivative assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
154
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
154
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Derivative assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
154
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Noncurrent derivative assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net amount of assets on&#13;    the balance sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
154
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Derivative liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Noncurrent derivative liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net amounts of liabilities&#13;    on the balance sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total derivative assets
&#13;    net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
154


 fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly&#13;transaction between market participants at the measurement date (an exit price). The standard outlines a valuation framework and&#13;creates a fair value hierarchy in order to increase the consistency and comparability of fair value measurements and the related&#13;disclosures. Under GAAP
 certain assets and liabilities must be measured at fair value

 quoted prices for identical or similar&#13;assets or liabilities in markets that are not active
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability&#13;(e.g.
 interest rates
 yield curves
 etc.)


 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-indent: 32.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 61%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;66
269&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Derivative Instruments (crude oil swaps and&#13;    collars)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;66
269&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-indent: 32.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Revolving credit facilities and long term debt
&#13;    net of discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;66

 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-indent: 32.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 61%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Derivative Instruments (crude oil swaps and&#13;    collars)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
154
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
154
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-indent: 32.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Revolving credit facilities and long term debt
&#13;    net of discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;60
350
629&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;60
350
629&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(59
196




 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-indent: 32.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 61%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;66
269&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Derivative Instruments (crude oil swaps and&#13;    collars)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;66
269&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-indent: 32.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Revolving credit facilities and long term debt
&#13;    net of discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;66

 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Level 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-indent: 32.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 61%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Derivative Instruments (crude oil swaps and&#13;    collars)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
154
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
154
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-indent: 32.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Revolving credit facilities and long term debt
&#13;    net of discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;60
350
629&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;60
350
629&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(59
196


&#13;as borrower
 entered into a Credit Agreement dated August&amp;#160;8
&amp;#160;2013 and amendments thereto dated December&amp;#160;13
 2013
&#13;March&amp;#160;24
 2014
 April&amp;#160;21
 2014
 September&amp;#160;11
 2014
 March&amp;#160;30
 2015 and August 10
 2015 (as amended
 the &amp;#8220;Senior&#13;Credit Agreement&lt;i&gt;&amp;#8221;&lt;/i&gt;) with Cadence Bank
 N.A. (&amp;#8220;Cadence&amp;#8221;)
 as lender (the &amp;#8220;Senior Credit Facility&amp;#8221;).&#13;Under the terms of the Senior Credit Agreement
 a senior secured revolving line of credit in the maximum aggregate principal amount&#13;of $50&amp;#160;million was available from time to time (i) for direct investment in oil and gas properties
 (ii) for general working&#13;capital purposes
 including the issuance of letters of credit

 determined by Cadence in a manner&#13;consistent with the normal and customary oil and gas lending practices of Cadence. Availability was initially set at $7&amp;#160;million&#13;and was subject to periodic redeterminations. Subject to availability under the borrowing base
 the Company could borrow
 repay&#13;and re-borrow funds in amounts of $250
000 or more. At the Company&amp;#8217;s election
 the unpaid principal balance of any borrowings&#13;under the Senior Credit Facility may bear interest at either (i) the Base Rate
 as defined in the Senior Credit Facility
 plus&#13;the applicable margin
 which varies from 1.00% to 1.50% or (ii) the LIBOR rate
 as defined in the Senior Credit Facility
 plus&#13;the applicable margin
 which varies from 3.00% to 3.50%. Interest was payable for Base Rate loans on the last business day of&#13;the month and for LIBOR loans on the last LIBOR business day of each LIBOR interest period. The Company was also required to pay&#13;a quarterly fee of 0.50% on any unused portion of the borrowing base

&amp;#160;2016
 was subsequently amended to January&amp;#160;15
&amp;#160;2017 pursuant to&#13;the amendment on March&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2015. The Company could prepay the entire amount of Base Rate loans at any time
 and could&#13;prepay the entire amount of LIBOR loans upon at least three business days&amp;#8217; notice to Cadence. The Senior Credit Facility&#13;was secured by first priority interests in mortgages on substantially all of the Company&amp;#8217;s assets

 the Company transferred the obligation with a balance outstanding&#13;of $29
400
000 under the Senior Credit Facility to BRHC. The Company had borrowings of $27.75 million outstanding under the Senior&#13;Credit Agreement as of December 31

&#13;as borrower
 entered into a Second Lien Credit Agreement dated August&amp;#160;8
&amp;#160;2013 and amendments thereto dated December&amp;#160;13
&amp;#160;2013
&#13;March&amp;#160;24
&amp;#160;2014
 April&amp;#160;21
&amp;#160;2014
 September&amp;#160;11
&amp;#160;2014
 March&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2015
 and August 10
 2015&#13;(as amended
 the &amp;#8220;Subordinated Credit Agreement&amp;#8221;) by and among the Company
 as borrower
 Chambers Energy Management
&#13;LP
 as administrative agent (&amp;#8220;Chambers&amp;#8221;)
 and the several other lenders named therein (the &amp;#8220;Subordinated Credit&#13;Facility&amp;#8221;). Under the Subordinated Credit Facility
 term loans in the aggregate principal amount of up to $75&amp;#160;million&#13;were available from time to time (i) to repay the Previous Credit Facility
 (ii) for fees and closing costs in connection with&#13;both the Senior Credit Facility and the Subordinated Credit Facility (together
 the &amp;#8220;Credit Facilities&amp;#8221;)

 which was subsequently amended to $30&amp;#160;million
&#13;with the remaining commitments subject to the approval of Chambers and other customary conditions. The Company could borrow the&#13;available commitments in amounts of $5&amp;#160;million or more and could not request borrowings of such loans more than once a month
&#13;provided that the initial draw was at least $15&amp;#160;million. Loans under the Subordinated Credit Facility were funded net of&#13;a 2% OID. The unpaid principal balance of borrowings under the Subordinated Credit Facility bore interest at the Cash Interest&#13;Rate plus the PIK Interest Rate. The Cash Interest Rate was 9.00% per annum plus a rate per annum equal to the greater of (i)&#13;1.00% and (ii) the offered rate for three-month deposits in U.S. dollars that appears on Reuters Screen LIBOR 01 as of 11:00 a.m.&#13;(London time) on the second full LIBOR business day preceding the first day of each calendar quarter. The PIK Interest Rate was&#13;equal to 4.00% per annum. Interest was payable on the last day of each month. The Company was also required to pay an annual nonrefundable&#13;administration fee of $50

&amp;#160;2017. Upon at least three business days&amp;#8217; written notice
 the Company could&#13;prepay the entire amount under the loans
 together with accrued interest. Each prepayment made prior to the second anniversary&#13;of the funding date
 as defined in the Subordinated Credit Facility
 would be accompanied by a make-whole amount
 as defined in&#13;the Subordinated Credit Agreement. Prepayments made on or after the second anniversary of the funding date were accompanied by&#13;an applicable premium
 as set forth in the Subordinated Credit Agreement. The Subordinated Credit Facility was secured by second&#13;priority interests on substantially all of the Company&amp;#8217;s assets

&amp;#160;2013 at which time we drew $14
700
000
 net of a $300
000&#13;original issue discount
 from the Subordinated Credit Agreement and used $10
226
057 of those proceeds to repay and terminate&#13;a previously outstanding revolving credit facility. We had drawn an additional $14
700
000
 net of $300
000 original issue discounts
&#13;through December 31
 2015. The Company had borrowings of $30.0&amp;#160;million outstanding under the Subordinated Credit Facility&#13;as of December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2015. The obligations under the Subordinated Credit Facility
 $30.0 million of principal and $2
931
369&#13;of PIK interest payable

&amp;#160;2013 (the &amp;#8220;Intercreditor Agreement&amp;#8221;). The Intercreditor&#13;Agreement provided that any liens on the assets of the Company securing indebtedness under the Subordinated Credit Facility were&#13;subordinate to liens on the assets securing indebtedness under the Senior Credit Facility and set forth the respective rights

&#13;as amended
 required customary affirmative and negative covenants for credit facilities of the respective types and sizes for&#13;companies operating in the oil and gas industry
 as well as customary events of default. Furthermore
 the Credit Facilities contain&#13;financial covenants that required the Company to satisfy certain specified financial ratios. The Senior Credit Agreement required&#13;the Company to maintain
 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company
 (i) a collateral coverage ratio (reserve value&#13;plus consolidated working capital to adjusted indebtedness) of at least 0.65 to 1.00 through the quarter ending June&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2014
&#13;0.70 to 1.00 for the quarters ending September&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2014 and December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014
 was waived for the quarters&#13;ending March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2015 and June&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2015
 and 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2015
&#13;and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2015 and thereafter
 (ii) a ratio of current assets
 including&#13;debt facility available to be drawn
 to current liabilities of a minimum of 1.0 to 1.0
 except for the quarter ending June&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2014
&#13;which was waived
 (iii) a net debt to EBITDAX
 as defined in the Senior Credit Agreement
 ratio of 3.75 to 1.00 for the quarter&#13;ended March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014
 4.25 to 1.00 for the quarters ended June&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2014 and September&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2014
&#13;4.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014
 was waived for the quarters ended March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2015 and&#13;June 30
 2015
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2015
 and 3.65 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2015
&#13;and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2016 and thereafter
 in each case calculated on a modified trailing&#13;four quarter basis
 (iv) a maximum senior leverage ratio of not more than 2.5 to 1.0 calculated on a modified trailing four quarter&#13;basis
 and (v) a minimum interest coverage ratio of not less than 3.0 to 1.0. The Subordinated Credit Agreement required the Company&#13;to maintain
 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company
 (i) a collateral coverage ratio (reserve value plus consolidated&#13;working capital to adjusted indebtedness) of at least 0.65 to 1.00 through the quarter ending June&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2014
 0.70 to&#13;1.00 for the quarters ending September&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2014 and December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014
 was waived for the quarters ending&#13;March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2015 and June 30
 2015
 and 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2015
 and 0.80 to&#13;1.00 for the quarter ending December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2015 and thereafter
 (ii) a consolidated net leverage ratio (adjusted total&#13;indebtedness less the amount of unrestricted cash equivalents to consolidated EBITDA) of no more than 3.75 to 1.00 for the quarter&#13;ending March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014
 4.25 to 1.00 for the quarters ending June&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2014 and September&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2014
&#13;4.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2014
 was waived for the quarters ending March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2015 and&#13;June 30
 2015
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2015
 and 3.65 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2015
&#13;and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2016 and thereafter
 calculated on a modified trailing four quarter&#13;basis
 (iii) a consolidated cash interest coverage ratio (consolidated EBITDA to consolidated cash interest expense) of no less&#13;than 2.5 to 1.0
 calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis and (iv) a ratio of consolidated current assets to consolidated&#13;current liabilities of at least 1.0 to 1.0
 except for the quarter ending June 30
 2015 when the covenant was waived. In addition

 2016 and December 31
 2015 and the current ratio&#13;covenant as defined by the Subordinated Credit Facility as of March 31
 2016. Additionally
 the audit report the Company received&#13;with respect to its financial statements as of December 31
 2015 contains an explanatory paragraph expressing uncertainty as to&#13;the Company&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern
 the delivery of which constituted a default under both its Senior&#13;Credit Facility and Subordinated Credit Facility.  The Company&#13;received a waiver for all debt covenants as of December 31
 2015 and March 31

&#13;Detachable Warrants&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;In connection&#13;with the Subordinated Credit Facility
 the Company agreed to issue to the lenders detachable warrants to purchase up to 5
000

&#13;resulting in a debt discount of $2
473
576 at issuance that is presented as a debt discount on the balance sheet which was being&#13;amortized using the effective interest method over the life of the credit facility
 which matured on June&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2017.&#13;A total of $-0- and $1
645
749 was amortized during the years ended December 31
 2016 and&amp;#160;2015. The remaining unamortized&#13;balance of the debt discount attributable to the warrants was $-0- as of December 31
&amp;#160;2016 and 2015. The amortization of&#13;the debt discount attributable to the warrants was accelerated in 2015 to fully amortize the discount as of December 31


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 85%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Senior Revolving Credit Facility
 Cadence Bank
 N.A.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;27
750
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Subordinated Credit Agreement
 Chambers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;30
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;PIK Interest on Subordinated Credit Agreement
&#13;    Chambers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
600
629&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total credit facilities and long term debts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;60
350
629&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 15.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less: Unamortized OID&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 15.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less: Unamortized debt&#13;    discount attributable to warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total credit facilities and long term debts
 net of discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;60
350
629&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 15.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less: current maturities&#13;    &lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(60
350

 the Company&amp;#8217;s Senior Credit&#13;Facility and Subordinated Credit Facility were classified as current December 31

000 of OID pursuant to the Subordinated Credit&#13;Agreement at issuance that is presented as a debt discount on the balance sheet and was being amortized using the effective interest&#13;method over the life of the credit facility
 was to mature on June&amp;#160;30
&amp;#160;2017. A total of $-0- and $426
734 was amortized&#13;during the years ended December 31
 2016 and&amp;#160;2015
 respectively. The remaining unamortized balance of the debt discount attributable&#13;to the OID is $-0- as of December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015 as the amortization was accelerated in 2015 to fully amortize&#13;the discount as of December 31

 presented as a component of loss from discontinued operations
 for the years ended December&#13;31
 2016 and 2015

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 70%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Accrued PIK interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;330
740&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
293
543&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Amortization of OID&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;426
734&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Interest and commitment fees&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
373
023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
381
278&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Amortization of debt issuance costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;751
019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Amortization of warrant costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
645
749&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less interest capitalized to the full cost&#13;    pool of our proved oil &amp;#38; gas properties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(7
219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(362
075&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
696
544&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8
136


000

000



000
000&#13;warrants with a strike price of $0.65 per share were forfeited on June 21
 2016 commensurate with our debt refinancing. No warrants&#13;were cancelled during the year ended December&amp;#160;31

048
375&#13;warrants with an average strike price of $1.45 per share expired on July 26

000&#13;warrants with a strike price of $0.95 per share expired on May 2

000&#13;warrants with a strike price of $0.38 per share expired on September 5



 December 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9
133
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(585
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(0.38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Balance
 December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8
548
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(3
548
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1.38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(5
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Balance
 December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Exercisable
 December 31


 December 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9
133
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(585
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(0.38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Balance
 December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8
548
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(3
548
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1.38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(5
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(0.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Balance
 December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Exercisable
 December 31


 administrative proceedings and litigation relating to matters arising in the normal course of business.&#13;The Company is not currently a defendant in any material litigation and is not aware of any threatened litigation that could have&#13;a material effect on the Company. Management is not able to estimate the minimum loss to be incurred
 if any
 as a result of the&#13;final outcome of the matters arising in the normal course of business but believes they are not likely to have a material adverse&#13;effect upon the Company&amp;#8217;s financial position or results of operations and
 accordingly

 if any

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    
    
    
    
    










    
    
    
    
    














    
    
    
    
    






    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 &lt;i&gt;Income taxes
 &lt;/i&gt;which provides for an asset and liability approach for&#13;income taxes. Under this approach
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on anticipated future tax consequences
&#13;using currently enacted tax laws


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Current taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 74%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Deferred tax provision (benefit)
 as part of&#13;    discontinued operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(6
593
040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net income tax provision (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(6
593



&amp;#160;2016 decreased by&amp;#160;1.13% from&amp;#160;4.13% as of December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2015
&#13;to&amp;#160;3.26%. This decrease in the effective tax rate is attributable to changes in the Company&amp;#8217;s state apportionment factors&#13;in the current year. In 2015
 due to the settled derivatives being sourced to the state of Minnesota for income tax purposes
&#13;a larger percentage of the Company&amp;#8217;s activity was expected to be apportioned to that state. The derivative gains
 reported&#13;in discontinued operations
 were substantially lower in 2016. As compared to North Dakota and Montana
 the other states the Company&#13;files tax returns in which have a corporate income tax rate of 4.31% and 6.75%
 respectively


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Deferred&#13;    tax assets:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Federal and&#13;    state net operating loss carryovers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9
025
553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9
294
824&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Stock compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
715
486&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
531
641&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Ceiling test impairment
&#13;    intangible drilling costs and other exploration costs capitalized for financial reporting purposes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12
186
927&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Derivative liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Reorganization costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;51
258&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;52
415&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Asset&#13;    retirement obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;144
005&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total&#13;    deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11
792
297&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;24
209
812&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Deferred&#13;    tax liabilities:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Ceiling test impairment
&#13;    intangible drilling costs and other exploration costs capitalized for financial reporting purposes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Derivative assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(451
628&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Property&#13;    and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(3
731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(7
006&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total&#13;    deferred liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(3
731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(458
634&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net deferred tax assets&#13;    (liabilities)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11
788
566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;23
751
178&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less:&#13;    valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(11
788
566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(23
751

&amp;#160;2016
&#13;the Company has net operating loss carryover of approximately $23
590
835. Under existing Federal law
 the net operating loss&#13;may be utilized to offset taxable income through the year ended December&amp;#160;31

 based on the weight of available evidence
 it is more likely than&#13;not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. In 2015
 the Company increased its valuation&#13;allowance from $579
522 to $23
751
178. As of December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2016
 the Company has decreased its valuation allowance&#13;from $23
751
178 to $11
788





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 the Company classified assets and liabilities subject to our restructuring transaction outline in Note 3 - Debt&#13;Restructuring as assets and liabilities from discontinued operations in the balance sheet and income
 expense and cash flows&#13;from the restructured operations are shows as net income and cash flows from discontinued operations. For comparative&#13;purposes

 services
 geographic areas and major customers. An operating segment is defined as&#13;a component of an enterprise that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and expenses

 by its nature
 to environmental hazards and clean-up costs. At this time

&#13;all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents&#13;are stated at cost plus accrued interest
 which approximates market value. The Company had no cash equivalents on hand as of December&amp;#160;31
&#13;2016 and December&amp;#160;31

 at times
 may exceed federally insured limits. Accounts are guaranteed by the Federal&#13;Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to $250
000
 under current regulations. The Company did not have any funds in excess of&#13;FDIC insured limits at December&amp;#160;31

 which&#13;approximates the effective interest method. The Company paid $-0- and $50
000 of debt issuance costs during the years ended December&amp;#160;31
&#13;2016 and 2015
 respectively
 of which the unamortized balance of debt issuance costs at December&amp;#160;31
 2016 and 2015 was $-0-&#13;and $-0-
 respectively. Amortization of debt issuance costs charged to interest expense was $-0- and $751
019 for the years ended&#13;December&amp;#160;31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. Interest expense related to debt issuance costs is reflected as part of loss from&#13;discontinued operations on the statement of operations. When a loan is paid in full or becomes due on demand due to a default&#13;on the loan
 as was the case at December 31
 2015

 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Website Development Costs&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASC&#13;350-50&amp;#8221;)


 infrastructure
 graphics)

 training
 admin)
 whereby the related costs&#13;                                         are expensed as incurred. Upgrades are usually expensed

660 of website development costs from inception through December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2016. We have recognized depreciation&#13;expense on these website costs of $-0- and $257 for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. As of December&#13;31
 2016

 the Financial Accounting Standards Board establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting&#13;principles and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. This Statement reaffirms that fair value is the relevant measurement&#13;attribute. The adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial statements as reflected&#13;herein. The carrying amounts of cash

 renewals
 and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations&#13;as incurred. Long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment to determine if current circumstances and market conditions indicate&#13;the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company has not recognized any impairment losses on long-lived assets related&#13;to continuing operations. Depreciation expense was $14
271 and $16
295 for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2016 and 2015

 LLC (&amp;#8220;BRHC&amp;#8221;)

 and title was transferred&#13;to

 and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. If the liability is settled&#13;for an amount other than the recorded amount
 a gain or loss is recognized. The capitalized cost and asset retirement obligation&#13;as of December 31

 geological and geophysical expenses
 carrying charges on non-producing properties
 costs of drilling directly&#13;related to acquisition
 and exploration activities. Internal costs that are capitalized are directly attributable to acquisition
&#13;exploration and development activities and do not include costs related to the production
 general corporate overhead or similar&#13;activities. Costs associated with production and general corporate activities were expensed in the period incurred. Capitalized&#13;costs are summarized as follows for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2016 and 2015

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Capitalized Certain Payroll&#13;    and Other Internal Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Capitalized Interest Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7
219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;362
075&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 12.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7
219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;362

 with no gain or loss recognized
 unless such a sale significantly altered&#13;the relationship between capitalized costs and the proved reserves attributable to these costs. A significant alteration would&#13;typically involve a sale of 20% or more of the proved reserves related to a single full cost pool. During the year ended December&amp;#160;31
&#13;2016
 the Company sold approximately 14 net leasehold acres of oil and gas properties for proceeds of $94
268. During the year&#13;ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2015
 the Company sold approximately 14&amp;#160;net acres and rights to individual well bores for total&#13;proceeds of $127
348. The Company assesses all items classified as unevaluated property on a quarterly basis for possible impairment&#13;or reduction in value. The assessment includes consideration of the following factors
 among others: intent to drill; remaining&#13;lease term; geological and geophysical evaluations; drilling results and activity; the assignment of proved reserves; and the&#13;economic viability of development if proved reserves are assigned. During any period in which these factors indicate an impairment

 estimated future development costs

&#13;discounted at 10% per annum
 of the estimated future net cash flows from proved oil and gas reserves plus the cost of unproved&#13;properties (adjusted for related income tax effects). Should capitalized costs exceed this ceiling
 impairment is recognized.&#13;The present value of estimated future net cash flows is computed by applying the arithmetic average first day price of oil and&#13;natural gas for the preceding twelve months to estimated future production of proved oil and gas reserves as of the end of the&#13;period
 less estimated future expenditures to be incurred in developing and producing the proved reserves and assuming continuation&#13;of existing economic conditions. Such present value of proved reserves' future net cash flows excludes future cash outflows associated&#13;with settling asset retirement obligations. Should this comparison indicate an excess carrying value

 we recorded non-cash ceiling test impairments of $5
219
000 and $71
272
000 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and&#13;2015

 warrants and restricted stock. The number of potential common shares outstanding relating to stock options


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted&#13;    average common shares outstanding &amp;#8211; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;47
979
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;47
979
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Plus: Potentially dilutive&#13;    common shares:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Stock options and warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted&#13;    average common shares outstanding &amp;#8211; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;49
979
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;49
979

 potential dilutive securities had an anti-dilutive effect and were not included in the calculation of diluted net&#13;loss per common share. Stock options and warrants excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS because their effect&#13;was anti-dilutive were 10
957
000 and 15
603
375 as of December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2016 and 2015

 all share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 are to be recognized in the income&#13;statement based on their fair values. Pro forma disclosure is no longer an alternative. Amortization of the fair values of stock&#13;options issued for services and compensation totaled $626
602 and $623
700 for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2016 and 2015
&#13;respectively. The fair values of stock options were determined using the Black-Scholes options pricing model and an effective&#13;term of 6 to 6.5 years based on the weighted average of the vesting periods and the stated term of the option grants and the discount&#13;rate on 5 to 7 year U.S. Treasury securities at the grant date and are being amortized over the related implied service term

 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASC 740&amp;#8221;)
 the Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax&#13;position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be capable of withstanding examination by the taxing authorities&#13;based on the technical merits of the position. These standards prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for&#13;the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. These standards&#13;also provide guidance on de-recognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure

 including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income to various tax jurisdictions.&#13;In evaluating the exposures connected with these various tax filing positions
 including state and local taxes
 the Company records&#13;allowances for probable exposures. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter
 for which an allowance has been established

 new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#34;FASB&amp;#34;) that are&#13;adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date. If not discussed
 management believes that the impact of recently issued&#13;standards
 which are not yet effective

&#13;the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-20
 &lt;i&gt;Technical Corrections and Improvements to Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt;.&#13;This guidance updates narrow aspects of the guidance issued in Update 2014-09. This amendment is effective for periods after December&#13;15
 2017

 2016
&#13;the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-15
 &lt;i&gt;Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain&#13;Cash Receipts and Cash Payments &lt;/i&gt;(a consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force). The amendments are effective for public business&#13;entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities
&#13;the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning&#13;after December 15
 2019. Early adoption is permitted
 including adoption in an interim period. If an entity early adopts the amendments&#13;in an interim period

 2016
&#13;the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09
 &lt;i&gt;Compensation&amp;#8212;Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment&#13;Accounting. &lt;/i&gt;For public business entities
 the amendments are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016
&#13;and interim periods within those annual periods. For all other entities
 the amendments are effective for annual periods beginning&#13;after December 15
 2017
 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted&#13;for any entity in any interim or annual period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period

 2016
&#13;the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-06
 &lt;i&gt;Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Contingent Put and Call Options in Debt Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#160;(a&#13;consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force). For public business entities
 the amendments are effective for financial statements&#13;issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. For entities other than&#13;public business entities
 the amendments are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December&#13;15
 2017
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted
 including adoption&#13;in an interim period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period

 2016
&#13;the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-05
 &lt;i&gt;Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Effect of Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge&#13;Accounting Relationships&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#160;(a consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force). For public business entities
 the amendments&#13;are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within those&#13;fiscal years. For all other entities
 the amendments are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning&#13;after December 15
 2017
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted

    

 services
 geographic areas and major customers. An operating segment is defined as a component&#13;of an enterprise that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and expenses

    

 by its nature
 to environmental hazards and clean-up costs. At this time


&#13;all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents&#13;are stated at cost plus accrued interest
 which approximates market value. The Company had no cash equivalents on hand as of December&amp;#160;31
&#13;2016 and December&amp;#160;31


 at times
 may exceed federally insured limits. Accounts are guaranteed by the Federal&#13;Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to $250
000
 under current regulations. The Company did not have any funds in excess of&#13;FDIC insured limits at December&amp;#160;31


 which&#13;approximates the effective interest method. The Company paid $-0- and $50
000 of debt issuance costs during the years ended December&amp;#160;31
&#13;2016 and 2015
 respectively
 of which the unamortized balance of debt issuance costs at December&amp;#160;31
 2016 and 2015 was $-0-&#13;and $-0-
 respectively. Amortization of debt issuance costs charged to interest expense was $-0- and $751
019 for the years ended&#13;December&amp;#160;31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. Interest expense related to debt issuance costs is reflected as part of loss from&#13;discontinued operations on the statement of operations. When a loan is paid in full or becomes due on demand due to a default&#13;on the loan
 as was the case at December 31
 2015


 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Website Development Costs&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASC&#13;350-50&amp;#8221;)


 infrastructure
 graphics)

 training
 admin)
 whereby the related costs&#13;                                         are expensed as incurred. Upgrades are usually expensed

660 of website development costs from inception through December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2016. We have recognized depreciation&#13;expense on these website costs of $-0- and $257 for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. As of December&#13;31
 2016

    

 the Financial Accounting Standards Board establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting&#13;principles and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. This Statement reaffirms that fair value is the relevant measurement&#13;attribute. The adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial statements as reflected&#13;herein. The carrying amounts of cash


 renewals
 and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations&#13;as incurred. Long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment to determine if current circumstances and market conditions indicate&#13;the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company has not recognized any impairment losses on long-lived assets related&#13;to continuing operations. Depreciation expense was $14
271 and $16
295 for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2016 and 2015


 and title was transferred&#13;to


 and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. If the liability is settled&#13;for an amount other than the recorded amount
 a gain or loss is recognized. The capitalized cost and asset retirement obligation&#13;as of December 31


 geological and geophysical expenses
 carrying charges on non-producing properties
 costs of drilling directly&#13;related to acquisition
 and exploration activities. Internal costs that are capitalized are directly attributable to acquisition
&#13;exploration and development activities and do not include costs related to the production
 general corporate overhead or similar&#13;activities. Costs associated with production and general corporate activities were expensed in the period incurred. Capitalized&#13;costs are summarized as follows for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2016 and 2015

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Capitalized Certain Payroll&#13;    and Other Internal Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Capitalized Interest Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7
219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;362
075&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 12.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7
219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;362

 with no gain or loss recognized
 unless such a sale significantly altered&#13;the relationship between capitalized costs and the proved reserves attributable to these costs. A significant alteration would&#13;typically involve a sale of 20% or more of the proved reserves related to a single full cost pool. During the year ended December&amp;#160;31
&#13;2016
 the Company sold approximately 14 net leasehold acres of oil and gas properties for proceeds of $94
268. During the year&#13;ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2015
 the Company sold approximately 14&amp;#160;net acres and rights to individual well bores for total&#13;proceeds of $127
348. The Company assesses all items classified as unevaluated property on a quarterly basis for possible impairment&#13;or reduction in value. The assessment includes consideration of the following factors
 among others: intent to drill; remaining&#13;lease term; geological and geophysical evaluations; drilling results and activity; the assignment of proved reserves; and the&#13;economic viability of development if proved reserves are assigned. During any period in which these factors indicate an impairment

 estimated future development costs

&#13;discounted at 10% per annum
 of the estimated future net cash flows from proved oil and gas reserves plus the cost of unproved&#13;properties (adjusted for related income tax effects). Should capitalized costs exceed this ceiling
 impairment is recognized.&#13;The present value of estimated future net cash flows is computed by applying the arithmetic average first day price of oil and&#13;natural gas for the preceding twelve months to estimated future production of proved oil and gas reserves as of the end of the&#13;period
 less estimated future expenditures to be incurred in developing and producing the proved reserves and assuming continuation&#13;of existing economic conditions. Such present value of proved reserves' future net cash flows excludes future cash outflows associated&#13;with settling asset retirement obligations. Should this comparison indicate an excess carrying value

 we recorded non-cash ceiling test impairments of $5
219
000 and $71
272
000 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and&#13;2015


 warrants and restricted stock. The number of potential common shares outstanding relating to stock options


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted&#13;    average common shares outstanding &amp;#8211; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;47
979
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;47
979
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Plus: Potentially dilutive&#13;    common shares:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Stock options and warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted&#13;    average common shares outstanding &amp;#8211; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;49
979
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;49
979

 potential dilutive securities had an anti-dilutive effect and were not included in the calculation of diluted net&#13;loss per common share. Stock options and warrants excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS because their effect&#13;was anti-dilutive were 10
957
000 and 15
603
375 as of December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2016 and 2015


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted&#13;    average common shares outstanding &amp;#8211; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;47
979
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;47
979
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Plus: Potentially dilutive&#13;    common shares:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Stock options and warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted&#13;    average common shares outstanding &amp;#8211; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;49
979
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;49
979


 all share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 are to be recognized in the income&#13;statement based on their fair values. Pro forma disclosure is no longer an alternative. Amortization of the fair values of stock&#13;options issued for services and compensation totaled $626
602 and $623
700 for the years ended December&amp;#160;31
 2016 and 2015
&#13;respectively. The fair values of stock options were determined using the Black-Scholes options pricing model and an effective&#13;term of 6 to 6.5 years based on the weighted average of the vesting periods and the stated term of the option grants and the discount&#13;rate on 5 to 7 year U.S. Treasury securities at the grant date and are being amortized over the related implied service term


 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASC 740&amp;#8221;)
 the Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax&#13;position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be capable of withstanding examination by the taxing authorities&#13;based on the technical merits of the position. These standards prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for&#13;the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. These standards&#13;also provide guidance on de-recognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure

 including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income to various tax jurisdictions.&#13;In evaluating the exposures connected with these various tax filing positions
 including state and local taxes
 the Company records&#13;allowances for probable exposures. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter
 for which an allowance has been established


 new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#34;FASB&amp;#34;) that are&#13;adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date. If not discussed
 management believes that the impact of recently issued&#13;standards
 which are not yet effective

&#13;the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-20
 &lt;i&gt;Technical Corrections and Improvements to Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt;.&#13;This guidance updates narrow aspects of the guidance issued in Update 2014-09. This amendment is effective for periods after December&#13;15
 2017

 2016
&#13;the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-15
 &lt;i&gt;Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain&#13;Cash Receipts and Cash Payments &lt;/i&gt;(a consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force). The amendments are effective for public business&#13;entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities
&#13;the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning&#13;after December 15
 2019. Early adoption is permitted
 including adoption in an interim period. If an entity early adopts the amendments&#13;in an interim period

 2016
&#13;the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09
 &lt;i&gt;Compensation&amp;#8212;Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment&#13;Accounting. &lt;/i&gt;For public business entities
 the amendments are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016
&#13;and interim periods within those annual periods. For all other entities
 the amendments are effective for annual periods beginning&#13;after December 15
 2017
 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted&#13;for any entity in any interim or annual period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period

 2016
&#13;the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-06
 &lt;i&gt;Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Contingent Put and Call Options in Debt Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#160;(a&#13;consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force). For public business entities
 the amendments are effective for financial statements&#13;issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. For entities other than&#13;public business entities
 the amendments are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December&#13;15
 2017
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted
 including adoption&#13;in an interim period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period

 2016
&#13;the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-05
 &lt;i&gt;Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Effect of Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge&#13;Accounting Relationships&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#160;(a consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force). For public business entities
 the amendments&#13;are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within those&#13;fiscal years. For all other entities
 the amendments are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning&#13;after December 15
 2017
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted


 2016
 the date of the BRHC transaction)&#13;contributed in the BRHC Transaction are reflected as &amp;#8220;Loss from discontinued items
 net of income taxes&amp;#8221; on our condensed&#13;statement of operations for all periods presented herein. The items included in &amp;#8220;Loss from discontinued operations

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Oil and gas sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5
539
613&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;15
104
629&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gain on settled derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
043
026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11
477
653&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Loss on the mark-to-market of derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(4
288
736&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(6
425
345&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total revenues&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
293
903&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;20
156
937&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Operating expenses:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Production expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
400
639&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
767
444&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Production taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;568
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
574
110&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;General and administrative&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;476
461&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;421
189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Depletion of oil and gas properties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
114
347&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9
278
108&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Impairment of oil and gas properties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5
219
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;71
272
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Accretion of discount on&#13;    asset retirement obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;16
258&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;32
574&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total operating expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
794
733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;86
345
425&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net operating loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(8
500
830&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(66
188
488&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Other income (expense):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Interest expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1
696
544&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(8
136
248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total other income (expense)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1
696
544&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(8
136
248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Loss before provision for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(10
197
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(74
324
736&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Provision for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6
593
040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(10
197
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(67
731


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;ASSETS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Assets from discontinued operations
 current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 83%; text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Derivative instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
154
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5
038
146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 0.3in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total assets from discontinued&#13;    operations
 current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6
192
546&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Assets from discontinued operations
 long term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Oil and natural gas properties
 full cost method&#13;    of accounting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Proved properties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;131
168
906&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Unproved properties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
394&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total oil and natural gas properties
 full cost&#13;    method of accounting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;131
179
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less
 accumulated depletion&#13;    and allowance for impairment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(99
371
070&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total assets from discontinued&#13;    operations
 long term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;31
808
230&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total assets from discontinued operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;38
000
776&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;LIABILITIES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Liabilities from discontinued operations
 current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7
882
737&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;56
541&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Current portion of revolving&#13;    credit facility and long term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;60
350
629&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total liabilities from discontinued&#13;    operations
 current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;68
289
907&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Liabilities from discontinued operations
 long term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Asset retirement obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;368
089&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total liabilities from discontinued&#13;    operations
 long term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;368
089&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total liabilities from discontinued operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;68
657


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;140
547&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;139
004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(112
128&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(97
857&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total property and equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;28
419&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;41


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Depletion of costs for evaluated oil and gas properties&#13;    &lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
114
347&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9
278
108&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Depreciation and amortization of other property&#13;    and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;14
271&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;16
295&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total depreciation
&#13;    amortization and depletion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
128
618&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9
294
403&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 3pt 0 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;sup&gt;(1) &lt;/sup&gt;Presented&#13;as a component of loss from discontinued operations


 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Purchases of&#13;    oil and natural gas properties and development costs for cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
858
134&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;20
714
004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Purchase of oil and natural&#13;    gas properties accrued at period end (prior to disposition)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
155
016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6
899
503&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Purchase of oil and natural&#13;    gas properties accrued at the beginning of period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(6
899
503&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(9
364
796&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Capitalized&#13;    asset retirement obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
737&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;48
711&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 10pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total&#13;    purchase and development costs
 oil and natural gas properties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
118
384&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;18
297


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Beginning asset retirement obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;368
089&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;286
804&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 20pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Liabilities incurred for&#13;    new wells placed in production&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
737&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;48
711&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 20pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Accretion of discount on&#13;    asset retirement obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;16
258&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;32
574&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 20pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Liability&#13;    relieved in debt restructuring&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(389
084&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Ending asset retirement obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;368


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Realized gain on derivatives:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left; text-indent: 4.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Crude oil fixed price swaps&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;922
872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
325
126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 4.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Crude oil collars&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;120
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
152
527&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Realized gain on derivatives
&#13;    net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
043
026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11
477
653&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gain (loss) on the mark-to-market of derivatives:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 4.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Crude oil fixed price swaps&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(4
157
491&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(5
669
678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 4.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Crude oil collars&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(131
245&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(755
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gain (loss) on the mark-to-market&#13;    of derivatives
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(4
288
736&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(6
425


 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;amounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;amounts of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;amounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;amounts of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;amounts of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;offset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;amounts of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;offset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;recognized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;on balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;on balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;recognized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;on balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;on balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 28%; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Commodity derivative assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
154
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
154
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Derivative assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
154
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Noncurrent derivative assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net amount of assets on&#13;    the balance sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
154
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Derivative liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Noncurrent derivative liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net amounts of liabilities&#13;    on the balance sheet&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total derivative assets
&#13;    net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
154


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 85%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Senior Revolving Credit Facility
 Cadence Bank
 N.A.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;27
750
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Subordinated Credit Agreement
 Chambers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;30
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;PIK Interest on Subordinated Credit Agreement
&#13;    Chambers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
600
629&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total credit facilities and long term debts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;60
350
629&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 15.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less: Unamortized OID&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 15.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less: Unamortized debt&#13;    discount attributable to warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total credit facilities and long term debts
 net of discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;60
350
629&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 15.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less: current maturities&#13;    &lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(60
350

 the Company&amp;#8217;s Senior Credit&#13;Facility and Subordinated Credit Facility were classified as current December 31


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 70%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Accrued PIK interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;330
740&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
293
543&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Amortization of OID&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;426
734&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Interest and commitment fees&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
373
023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
381
278&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Amortization of debt issuance costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;751
019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Amortization of warrant costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
645
749&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less interest capitalized to the full cost&#13;    pool of our proved oil &amp;#38; gas properties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(7
219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(362
075&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
696
544&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8
136



 CEO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
204
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;47
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;825&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;J. Moe
 CFO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;450
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;17
912&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;308&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;M. Eisele
 COO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;19
903&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;300
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;36
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
433&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;50
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;65
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
587&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;338&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;J. Lahti
 Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;300
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;B. Oehler
 Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;300
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;B. Berman
 Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;300
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;L. Berman
 Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;300
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10/26/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;L. Berman
 Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.050&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;226%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0497&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
973&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;297&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
913
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;156
771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2


 CEO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;200
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;106%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.1434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;28
676&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5
736&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9/30/15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;J. Moe
 CFO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;150
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;106%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.1434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;21
507&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
075&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9/30/15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;M. Eisele
 COO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;200
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;106%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.1434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;28
676&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5
736&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9/30/15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;150
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;106%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.1434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;21
507&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
075&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9/30/15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;30
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;106%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.1434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;215&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9/30/15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;30
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;106%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.1434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;215&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9/30/15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;30
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;106%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.1434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;215&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9/30/15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;106%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.1434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;288&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9/30/15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;J. Lahti
 Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;106%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.1434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;14
338&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
868&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;717&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9/30/15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;B. Oehler
 Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;106%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.1434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;14
338&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
868&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;717&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; border-bottom: Black 2pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;143
379&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;28
676&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7
169&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 3pt 0 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;All&#13;options vest in equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of the grant
 are exercisable for 10 years from the&#13;date of the grant and are being amortized over the implied service term
 or vesting period

&amp;#160;2015
&#13;1
000

&amp;#160;2016
&#13;a total of 12

&amp;#160;2015
&#13;a total of 66

&amp;#160;2015
&#13;a total of 86



957
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7.74 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
415

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31

 option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions including&#13;expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&amp;#8217;s employee stock options have characteristics significantly different&#13;from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
&#13;in management&amp;#8217;s opinion the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its&#13;employee stock options. During the years ended December&amp;#160;31

 December 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7
208
834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(153
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(0.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Balance
 December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7
055
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(12
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(0.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
913
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Balance
 December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
957
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Exercisable
 December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
415

602 and $623
700 from the amortization of common stock options during the years ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2016&#13;and&amp;#160;2015


957
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7.74 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
415


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31


 December 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7
208
834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.56&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(153
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(0.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Balance
 December 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7
055
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(12
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(0.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
913
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Balance
 December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
957
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Exercisable
 December 31
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
415


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Current taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 74%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Deferred tax provision (benefit)
 as part of&#13;    discontinued operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(6
593
040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net income tax provision (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(6
593




&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Deferred&#13;    tax assets:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Federal and&#13;    state net operating loss carryovers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9
025
553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9
294
824&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Stock compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
715
486&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
531
641&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Ceiling test impairment
&#13;    intangible drilling costs and other exploration costs capitalized for financial reporting purposes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12
186
927&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Derivative liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Reorganization costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;51
258&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;52
415&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Asset&#13;    retirement obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;144
005&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total&#13;    deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11
792
297&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;24
209
812&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;Deferred&#13;    tax liabilities:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Ceiling test impairment
&#13;    intangible drilling costs and other exploration costs capitalized for financial reporting purposes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Derivative assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(451
628&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Property&#13;    and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(3
731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(7
006&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total&#13;    deferred liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(3
731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(458
634&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 10pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net deferred tax assets&#13;    (liabilities)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11
788
566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;23
751
178&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less:&#13;    valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(11
788
566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(23
751


 2016 and December 31
 2015

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Property and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;140
547&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;139
004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(112
128&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(97
857&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total property and equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;28
419&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;41


&#13;depletion

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Depletion of costs for evaluated oil and gas properties&#13;    &lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
114
347&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9
278
108&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Depreciation and amortization of other property&#13;    and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;14
271&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;16
295&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 13.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total depreciation
&#13;    amortization and depletion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
128
618&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9
294
403&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 3pt 0 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;Presented&#13;as a component of loss from discontinued operations

 we recorded non-cash&#13;ceiling test impairments of $5
219
000 and $71
272
000 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. The expense&#13;associated with the impairments is presented as component of loss from discontinued operations


&amp;#160;2016 and&amp;#160;2015

 Bradley Berman. Pursuant to the lease
 we occupied approximately 2
813 square feet of office space. We terminated&#13;the lease concurrent with our move to another location on June 30
 2016. The lease had base rents of $2
110 per month
 plus common&#13;area operations and maintenance charges
 and monthly parking fees of $240 per month
 for the period from November 15
 2013 to&#13;October 31
 2014
 and was subject to increases of $117 per month beginning November 1
 2014 and for each of the subsequent annual&#13;periods. We paid a total of $36
183 and $69
703 to this entity during the years ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2016 and&amp;#160;2015

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 CEO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
204
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;47
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;825&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;J. Moe
 CFO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;450
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;17
912&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;308&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;M. Eisele
 COO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;19
903&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;300
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;36
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
433&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;50
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;65
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
587&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;338&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;J. Lahti
 Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;300
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;B. Oehler
 Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;300
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;B. Berman
 Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;300
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/12/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;L. Berman
 Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;300
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;228%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;206&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10/26/16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;L. Berman
 Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.050&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;226%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.0497&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
973&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;297&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
913
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;156
771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2


 CEO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;200
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 7%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;106%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 8%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.1434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;28
676&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5
736&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9/30/15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;J. Moe
 CFO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;150
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;106%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.1434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;21
507&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
075&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9/30/15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;M. Eisele
 COO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;200
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;106%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.1434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;28
676&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5
736&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9/30/15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;150
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;106%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.1434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;21
507&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
075&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9/30/15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;30
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;106%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.1434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;215&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9/30/15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;30
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;106%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.1434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;215&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9/30/15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;30
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;106%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.1434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;215&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9/30/15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;106%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.1434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;288&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9/30/15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;J. Lahti
 Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;106%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.1434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;14
338&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
868&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;717&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9/30/15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;B. Oehler
 Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;106%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.1434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;14
338&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
868&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;717&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; border-bottom: Black 2pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;143
379&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;28
676&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7
169&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 3pt 0 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;sup&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;All&#13;options vest in equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of the grant
 are exercisable for 10 years from the&#13;date of the grant and are being amortized over the implied service term
 or vesting period

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Prepaid insurance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;43
324&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8
611&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Prepaid employee benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11
844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Prepaid office and other costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;31
724&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;18
065&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total prepaid expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;86
892&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;37


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Prepaid insurance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;43
324&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8
611&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Prepaid employee benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11
844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Prepaid office and other costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;31
724&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;18
065&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total prepaid expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;86
892&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;37


 LLC represents our equity interest in Black Ridge Holding Company

    
    
    
    
    
    

 the Company classified assets and liabilities subject to our restructuring transaction outline in Note 3 - Debt&#13;Restructuring as assets and liabilities from discontinued operations in the balance sheet and income
 expense and cash flows&#13;from the restructured operations are shows as net income and cash flows from discontinued operations. For comparative&#13;purposes


 2012
 Ante5
 Inc. changed its corporate name to Black Ridge Oil &amp;#38; Gas
 Inc.
 and continues to be quoted on the OTCQB under&#13;the trading symbol &amp;#8220;ANFC&amp;#8221;. Black Ridge Oil &amp;#38; Gas
 Inc. (formerly Ante5
 Inc.) (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;) became&#13;an independent company in April 2010. We became a publicly traded company when our shares began trading on July 1
 2010. Since&#13;October&amp;#160;2010

 2016&#13;we closed on a debt restructuring transaction with our secured lenders as described in Note 3 &amp;#8211; Debt Restructuring. Following&#13;the transaction
 our focus has been managing the oil and gas assets in which we continue to have an indirect minority interest.&#13;Our management services agreement related to those same oil and gas assets was terminated as described in Note 18 &amp;#8211; Subsequent&#13;Events. In addition


 LLC (&amp;#8220;BRHC&amp;#8221;)


&#13;2016
 the Company entered into an Asset Contribution Agreement with Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability&#13;company (&amp;#8220;BRHC&amp;#8221;) which was recently formed by the Company to contribute and assign to BRHC
 all of the Company's (i)&#13;oil and gas assets (including working capital and tangible and intangible assets) (the &amp;#8220;Assets&amp;#8221;)
 (ii) outstanding&#13;balances under that certain Credit Agreement between the Company
 as borrower
 and Cadence Bank
 N.A. (&amp;#8220;Cadence&amp;#8221;)
&#13;as lender (the &amp;#8220;Cadence Credit Facility&amp;#8221;) and the outstanding balances under that certain Credit Agreement between&#13;the Company
 as borrower
 and the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties thereto&#13;(the &amp;#8220;Chambers&amp;#8221;)
 and Chambers
 as administrative agent (the &amp;#8220;Chambers Credit Facility&amp;#8221;) and (iii) all&#13;current liabilities related to the Assets
 in exchange for 5% of the issued and outstanding Class A Units (the &amp;#8220;Class A&#13;Units&amp;#8221;) in BRHC (the &amp;#8220;Asset Contribution&amp;#8221;). On March 29
 2016
 affiliates of Chambers Energy Management
 LP&#13;(&amp;#8220;Chambers&amp;#8221;) (specifically
 Chambers Energy Capital II
 LP and CEC II TE
 LLC (collectively
 the &amp;#8220;Chambers Affiliates&amp;#8221;))&#13;entered into a Debt Contribution Agreement between BRHC and the Chambers Affiliates
 pursuant to which BRHC issued a number of&#13;Class A Units representing 95% of the Class A Units of BRHC to the Chambers Affiliates in exchange for the release of BRHC's obligations&#13;under the Chambers Credit Facility (the &amp;#8220;Satisfaction of Debt&amp;#8221; and
 together with the Asset Contribution
 the &amp;#8220;BRHC&#13;Transaction&amp;#8221;). Concurrent with the Satisfaction of Debt
 each warrant originally issued with the Chambers Credit Facility&#13;was automatically retired and cancelled. The closing of the BRHC Transaction was subject to the Company obtaining the approval&#13;of stockholders holding a majority of its outstanding capital stock and to the Company having assigned the Cadence Credit Agreement&#13;to BRHC with Cadence&amp;#8217;s consent
 and BRHC and Cadence entering into any applicable amendment agreements related to such assignment&#13;and waiver of financial covenant ratio compliance for the quarter ended December&amp;#160;31
&amp;#160;2015 and quarter ending March 31
&#13;2016. &lt;font style=color: black&gt;On June 21
 2016
 the Company satisfied all of these conditions and
 for accounting purposes
&#13;the BRHC Transaction was closed. The parties have agreed that the BRHC Transaction
 the Asset Contribution and the Satisfaction&#13;of Debt are effective
 for valuation purposes
 as of April 1

&#13;which became effective upon the closing of the BRHC Transaction. All distributions by BRHC of cash or other property
 and whether&#13;upon liquidation or otherwise

&#13;                                         100% to the Class A Members
 pro rata
 until each Class A Member has received distributions&#13;                                         in aggregate totaling the then Class A Preference
 which is an amount equal to a 10.0%&#13;                                         internal rate of return on the invested capital amount.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 38pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 18pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Second
&#13;                                         90% to the Class A Members
 pro rata
 and 10% to the Class B Members
 pro rata
 until&#13;                                         such time as the aggregate distributions to Chambers equals 250% of the capital contribution&#13;                                         of its Class A Units.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 38pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 18pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Symbol&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Third
&#13;                                         80% to the Class A Members
 pro rata
 and 20% to the Class B Members

 which will be responsible for the conduct of the day-to-day business of BRHC and the management
 oversight&#13;and disposition of the assets of BRHC. The initial BRHC Board will be comprised of three managers

&#13;under the LLC Agreement
 Chambers committed to contribute up to $30 million cash (the &amp;#8220;Chambers Investment Commitment&amp;#8221;)&#13;to BRHC in exchange for Class A Units. At Closing
 Chambers funded $10 million (the &amp;#8220;Initial Chambers Investment&amp;#8221;)&#13;of the Chambers Investment Commitment
 the proceeds of which were used to reduce outstanding amounts owed by BRHC to Cadence under&#13;the Cadence Credit Facility and for general corporate purposes. The remaining $20 million (the &amp;#8220;Subsequent Chambers Investment&amp;#8221;)
&#13;subject to certain conditions

000
000 Class B Units in BRHC at the Closing of the BRHC Transaction. At the discretion of the BRHC&amp;#8217;s Board of&#13;Managers
 the Company may be granted additional Class B Units in BRHC
 and in turn
 the Company may transfer such Class B Units&#13;to certain members of the Company's management. Subject to certain conditions

 the Company entered into a Management Services Agreement with BRHC. Under the Management Services Agreement
&#13;the Company provides services to BRHC with respect to the business operations of BRHC
 including but not limited to locating
&#13;investigating and analyzing potential non-operator oil and gas projects and day-to-day operations related to such projects. The&#13;Company is paid a fee under the Management Services Agreement intended to cover the costs of providing such services and is reimbursed&#13;for certain third party expenses. The term of the Management Services Agreement commenced on the closing of the BRHC Transaction&#13;and continued indefinitely
 unless terminated

 the Company recorded a gain on debt restructuring of $41
621
150 calculated as the difference between our final&#13;ownership interest in BRHC
 after conversion of debt to equity and the equity contribution of the Initial Chambers Investment&#13;within BRHC and our retention of a 3.88% ownership interest in BRHC

 2016
 the date of the BRHC transaction)&#13;contributed in the BRHC Transaction are reflected as &amp;#8220;Loss from discontinued items
 net of income taxes&amp;#8221; on our condensed&#13;statement of operations for all periods presented herein. The items included in &amp;#8220;Loss from discontinued operations

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Oil and gas sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5
539
613&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;15
104
629&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Gain on settled derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
043
026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11
477
653&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Loss on the mark-to-market of derivatives&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(4
288
736&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(6
425
345&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total revenues&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
293
903&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;20
156
937&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Operating expenses:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Production expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
400
639&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
767
444&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Production taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;568
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
574
110&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;General and administrative&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;476
461&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;421
189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Depletion of oil and gas properties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
114
347&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;9
278
108&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Impairment of oil and gas properties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5
219
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;71
272
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Accretion of discount on&#13;    asset retirement obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;16
258&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;32
574&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total operating expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
794
733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;86
345
425&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net operating loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(8
500
830&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(66
188
488&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Other income (expense):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Interest expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1
696
544&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(8
136
248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total other income (expense)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1
696
544&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(8
136
248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Loss before provision for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(10
197
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(74
324
736&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Provision for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6
593
040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(10
197
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(67
731



&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;ASSETS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Assets from discontinued operations
 current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 83%; text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Derivative instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
154
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5
038
146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 0.3in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total assets from discontinued&#13;    operations
 current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6
192
546&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Assets from discontinued operations
 long term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Oil and natural gas properties
 full cost method&#13;    of accounting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Proved properties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;131
168
906&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Unproved properties&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
394&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total oil and natural gas properties
 full cost&#13;    method of accounting&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;131
179
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less
 accumulated depletion&#13;    and allowance for impairment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(99
371
070&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total assets from discontinued&#13;    operations
 long term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;31
808
230&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total assets from discontinued operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;38
000
776&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;LIABILITIES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Liabilities from discontinued operations
 current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7
882
737&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;56
541&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Current portion of revolving&#13;    credit facility and long term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;60
350
629&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total liabilities from discontinued&#13;    operations
 current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;68
289
907&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Liabilities from discontinued operations
 long term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Asset retirement obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;368
089&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: 20pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total liabilities from discontinued&#13;    operations
 long term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;368
089&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total liabilities from discontinued operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;68
657


&#13;2017
 we were notified by BRHC of their termination of our Management Services Agreement and that they had finalized the sale&#13;of BRHC&amp;#8217;s oil and gas assets to a third party. On April 3
 BRHC signed a Contribution Agreement that provides&#13;for the transfer of ownership and title of all oil and gas assets held by BRHC in exchange for preferred membership interest&#13;in the acquiring LLC (the &amp;#8220;BRHC Sale&amp;#8221;). Consistent with the terms of the Management Services Agreement
 we will&#13;be paid for our management services for the three month period ended June 30
 2017. Additionally
 Chambers Energy Capital II
&#13;LP and CEC II TE
 LLC 
 have agreed to purchase for cash our 3.88% equity share in BRHC





























	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  




	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      



 Measurements



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 Cadence Bank











      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 $0.001 par value
 20
000
000 shares authorized




 $0.001 par value
 500
000
000 shares authorized
 47
979



      


      


      


      


































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      









      

      








      


      








      

      

      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      






      


      






      


      


      


      


      



 Capitalized
 Prepaid



      


      


      













      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      



 depletion



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      






      


      









      


      













      


      






      


      


      









      





      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


 amortization






      

      














      


      

      


      










      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      

      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      




      


      


      


      

      






      


      


      


      


      






      


      

      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      






      


      

      


      









      






      


      


      


      









      


      






      


      


      


      





      
























      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      





      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      




      


 Including Discontinued Operation



 Including Discontinued Operation
 Revenue



 Including Discontinued Operation



 Including Discontinued Operation



 Including Discontinued Operation
 Operating Expense



 Including Discontinued Operation
 Operating Expense



 including
 but not limited to



 Including Discontinued Operation
 Operating Expense


      

      


 long term
 total oil and natural gas properties








      

      

      

      

      





 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant


      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 Income Taxes


      




      

      

      




      

      

      




      








 Plant and Equipment


      




      


 Including Discontinued Operation



 Including Discontinued Operation



 Including Discontinued Operation



 Including Discontinued Operation





      


 Including Discontinued Operation



 Including Discontinued Operation



 Plant and Equipment














      


 Fair Value


      


 Liabilities









 Unamortized Discount (Premium)


      





 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Outstanding Options



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Exercisable Options



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options



 Options



 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Expirations in Period



 Options
 Forfeitures in Period



 Options
 Exercisable






 Equity Instruments Other than Options









 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures


      


 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals



 Deferred Expense






 Property









 Net
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2016
Apr. 03
 2017
Jun. 30
 2016













 Inc.



























  2016



































































124
000



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



979
990























































If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











269


194





892


100



Due from Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC










192
546





926


457
840












547


004





128)


857)



Total property and equipment
 net

419


147



Investment in Blackridge Holding Company
 LLC

853









808
230





198


307
217














289
907





563


990





998







561


312
897







089





561


680
986

















Preferred stock
 $0.001 par value
 20
000
000 shares authorized
 no shares issued and outstanding






Common stock
 $0.001 par value
 500
000
000 shares authorized
 47
979
990 shares issued and outstanding

980


980





902
016


275
414





751
359)


697
163)





637


373
769)





198


307
217




































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of receivables due from an entity that is affiliated with the reporting entity by means of direct or indirect ownership
 due within 1 year (or 1 business cycle).




























Total investments in (A) an entity in which the entity has significant influence
 but does not have control
 (B) subsidiaries that are not required to be consolidated and are accounted for using the equity and or cost method
 and (C) an entity in which the reporting entity shares control of the entity with another party or group. Includes long-term advances receivable from a party that is affiliated with the reporting entity by means of direct or indirect ownership.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount classified as liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of beyond one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Gross amount of long-lived
 depreciable flight assets owned by the entity and used in the entity's principle business operations (owned aircraft and capitalized improvements) and capitalized assets classified as property
 plant and equipment that are owned by the entity. Excludes assets subject to a capital lease.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015









Preferred stock
 par value (in Dollars per share)






Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Preferred stock
 shares issued






Preferred stock
 shares outstanding






Common stock
 par value (in Dollars per share)






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

979
990


979
990



Common stock
 shares outstanding

979
990


979
990

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











049
451







049
451














324
569


303
266





602


700





413


587





568


889





513
152


602
442





271


295





527
423


618
737





477
972)


618
737)














398





621
150







621
150


398





143
178


605
339)










Income (loss) from continuing operations
 net of income taxes

143
178


605
339)



Loss from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes

197
374)


731
696)





945
804


337
035)





979
990


979
990





979
990


979
990





















The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived
 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.






















































































For a debtor
 the aggregate gain (loss) recognized on the restructuring of payables arises from the difference between the book value of the debt before the restructuring and the fair value of the payments on the debt after restructuring is complete.




























The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





















































































Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations before deduction of income tax expense (benefit) and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest
 and addition of income (loss) from equity method investments.




























Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.

























































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)



























The aggregate amount of expenditures for salaries
 wages
 profit sharing and incentive compensation
 and other employee benefits
 including equity-based compensation
 and pension and other postretirement benefit expense.




























Revenue
 comprised of base and incentive revenue derived from the management of joint ventures
 managing third-party properties
 or another entity's operations.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.















































































































































A fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors
 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))



























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).




























The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Beginning balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2014



979
990









Beginning balance
 value at Dec. 31
 2014



980


651
714


639
872


339
566









700




700











337
035)


337
035)



Ending balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2015



979
990









Ending balance
 value at Dec. 31
 2015



980


275
414


697
163)


373
769)









602




602











945
804


945
804



Ending balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2016



979
990









Ending balance
 value at Dec. 31
 2016



980


902
016


751
359)


637







This element represents the amount of recognized equity-based compensation during the period
 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words stock-based compensation.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











945
804


337
035)



Loss from discontinued operations
 net of taxes

197
374)


731
696)



Income (loss) from continuing operations
 net of income taxes

143
178


605
339)












271


295





621
150)







602


700












792)


275












427)


141)



Due to Black Ridge Holding Company 
 LLC








998







085)


982
512)





827
209


602
680





953
124


620
168












543)







543)







763
506)


586
656)





765
049)


586
656)












650
000


100
000





650
000


100
000





925)


512





194


682





269


194












429
564


382
262

















Transfer of net liabilities to Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC in restructuring

568
297)







744
487)


465
293)





737


711

































































Transfer of net liabilities to Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC in restructuring
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities of discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities of discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of operating activities of discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived
 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.




























For a debtor
 the aggregate gain (loss) recognized on the restructuring of payables arises from the difference between the book value of the debt before the restructuring and the fair value of the payments on the debt after restructuring is complete.

























































Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.






















































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of obligations to be paid to the following types of related parties: a parent company and its subsidiaries; subsidiaries of a common parent; an entity and trust for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entities' management; an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families; affiliates; or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.














































































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]






Effective April
2
 2012
 Ante5
 Inc. changed its corporate name to Black Ridge Oil &#38; Gas
 Inc.
 and continues to be quoted on the OTCQB under
the trading symbol &#8220;ANFC&#8221;. Black Ridge Oil &#38; Gas
 Inc. (formerly Ante5
 Inc.) (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) became
an independent company in April 2010. We became a publicly traded company when our shares began trading on July 1
 2010. Since
October&#160;2010
 we had been engaged in the business of acquiring oil and gas leases and participating in the drilling of wells
in the Bakken and Three Forks trends in North Dakota and Montana.

On June 21
 2016
we closed on a debt restructuring transaction with our secured lenders as described in Note 3 &#8211; Debt Restructuring. Following
the transaction
 our focus has been managing the oil and gas assets in which we continue to have an indirect minority interest.
Our management services agreement related to those same oil and gas assets was terminated as described in Note 18 &#8211; Subsequent
Events. In addition
 we will continue to pursue distressed asset acquisitions in the Bakken and/or Three Forks and other formations
that may be acquired with our existing joint venture partners or other capital providers.







The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business
 major products or services
 principal markets including location
 and the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination
 including but not limited to
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings. For an entity that has not commenced principal operations
 disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is currently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016








Basis
of Accounting
Our financial
statements are prepared using the accrual method of accounting as generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP)
and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).


In the
current year
 the Company classified assets and liabilities subject to our restructuring transaction outline in Note 3 - Debt
Restructuring as assets and liabilities from discontinued operations in the balance sheet and income
 expense and cash flows
from the restructured operations are shows as net income and cash flows from discontinued operations. For comparative
purposes
 amounts from prior periods have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation.

Segment
Reporting

and related disclosures about its products
 services
 geographic areas and major customers. An operating segment is defined as
a component of an enterprise that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and expenses
 and about which
separate financial information is regularly evaluated by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources.
The Company operates as a single segment and will evaluate additional segment disclosure requirements as it expands its operations.&#160;
Use
of Estimates
The preparation
of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.

Environmental
Liabilities
The oil and gas
industry is subject
 by its nature
 to environmental hazards and clean-up costs. At this time
 management knows of no substantial
losses from environmental accidents or events which would have a material effect on the Company.


Cash equivalents
include money market accounts which have maturities of three months or less. For the purpose of the statements of cash flows
all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents
are stated at cost plus accrued interest
 which approximates market value. The Company had no cash equivalents on hand as of December&#160;31
2016 and December&#160;31
 2015.

Cash in Excess of FDIC Insured
Limits
The Company maintains
its cash in bank deposit accounts which
 at times
 may exceed federally insured limits. Accounts are guaranteed by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to $250
000
 under current regulations. The Company did not have any funds in excess of
FDIC insured limits at December&#160;31
 2016 and 2015. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts.&#160;

Debt
Issuance Costs
Costs relating
to obtaining certain debts are capitalized and amortized over the term of the related debt using the straight-line method
 which
approximates the effective interest method. The Company paid $-0- and $50
000 of debt issuance costs during the years ended December&#160;31
2016 and 2015
 respectively
 of which the unamortized balance of debt issuance costs at December&#160;31
 2016 and 2015 was $-0-
and $-0-
 respectively. Amortization of debt issuance costs charged to interest expense was $-0- and $751
019 for the years ended
December&#160;31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. Interest expense related to debt issuance costs is reflected as part of loss from
discontinued operations on the statement of operations. When a loan is paid in full or becomes due on demand due to a default
on the loan
 as was the case at December 31
 2015
 any unamortized financing costs are removed from the related accounts and charged
to interest expense.


The Company accounts
for website development costs in accordance with ASC 350-50
 &#8220;Accounting for Website Development Costs&#8221; (&#8220;ASC
350-50&#8221;)
 wherein website development costs are segregated into three activities:


Initial
                                         stage (planning)
 whereby the related costs are expensed.


Development
                                         (web application
 infrastructure
 graphics)
 whereby the related costs are capitalized
                                         and amortized once the website is ready for use. Costs for development content of the
                                         website may be expensed or capitalized depending on the circumstances of the expenditures.


Post-implementation
                                         (after site is up and running: security
 training
 admin)
 whereby the related costs
                                         are expensed as incurred. Upgrades are usually expensed
 unless they add additional functionality.

We have capitalized
a total of $56
660 of website development costs from inception through December&#160;31
&#160;2016. We have recognized depreciation
expense on these website costs of $-0- and $257 for the years ended December&#160;31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. As of December
31
 2016
 all website development costs have been fully depreciated.


The Company recognizes
deferred tax assets and liabilities based on differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities
using the enacted tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to be recovered. The
Company provides a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for which it does not consider realization of such assets to be
more likely than not.

Fair Value
of Financial Instruments
Under FASB ASC
820-10-05
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting
principles and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. This Statement reaffirms that fair value is the relevant measurement
attribute. The adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on the Company&#8217;s financial statements as reflected
herein. The carrying amounts of cash
 accounts payable and accrued expenses reported on the balance sheets are estimated by management

no items that required fair value measurement on a recurring basis.

Property and
Equipment
Property and
equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives of three to seven
years. Expenditures for replacements
 renewals
 and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations
as incurred. Long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment to determine if current circumstances and market conditions indicate
the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company has not recognized any impairment losses on long-lived assets related
to continuing operations. Depreciation expense was $14
271 and $16
295 for the years ended December&#160;31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.


All of the Company&#8217;s
revenue earned from continuing operations has come from management fees earned through its management services agreement with
Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC (&#8220;BRHC&#8221;)
 which was formed as part of our debt restructuring. Our former secured
lenders are the majority owners of BRHC and we continue to have a minority interest in BRHC. The management services agreement
was cancelled by BRHC subsequent to year end as describe in Note 18 &#8211; Subsequent Events.


The Company recognizes
management fee income as services are provided.

The Company recognized
oil and gas revenues from its former interests in producing wells when production was delivered to
 and title was transferred
to
 the purchaser and to the extent the selling price is reasonably determinable. The Company used the sales method of accounting
for gas balancing of gas production and would recognize a liability if the existing proved reserves were not adequate to cover
the current imbalance situation. Oil and gas revenues are reflected as a component of discontinued operations on the statements
of operations.


The Company records
the fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation in the period in which the well is spud or the asset is acquired
and a corresponding increase in the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset. The liability is accreted to its present
value each period
 and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. If the liability is settled
for an amount other than the recorded amount
 a gain or loss is recognized. The capitalized cost and asset retirement obligation
as of December 31
 2015 and the expense related to accretion of the discount on the asset retirement liability are reflected as
component of discontinued operations on the balance sheet and statement of operations.


The Company followed
the full cost method of accounting for oil and gas operations whereby all costs related to the exploration and development of
oil and natural gas properties are initially capitalized into a single cost center (&#34;full cost pool&#34;). Such costs include
land acquisition costs
 geological and geophysical expenses
 carrying charges on non-producing properties
 costs of drilling directly
related to acquisition
 and exploration activities. Internal costs that are capitalized are directly attributable to acquisition
exploration and development activities and do not include costs related to the production
 general corporate overhead or similar
activities. Costs associated with production and general corporate activities were expensed in the period incurred. Capitalized
costs are summarized as follows for the years ended December&#160;31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively:



    
Years Ended December
    31


    
    
    

Capitalized Certain Payroll
    and Other Internal Costs
    
    

    
7
219
362
075

    
7
219
362
075


Proceeds from
property sales were credited to the full cost pool
 with no gain or loss recognized
 unless such a sale significantly altered
the relationship between capitalized costs and the proved reserves attributable to these costs. A significant alteration would
typically involve a sale of 20% or more of the proved reserves related to a single full cost pool. During the year ended December&#160;31
2016
 the Company sold approximately 14 net leasehold acres of oil and gas properties for proceeds of $94
268. During the year
ended December&#160;31
&#160;2015
 the Company sold approximately 14&#160;net acres and rights to individual well bores for total
proceeds of $127
348. The Company assesses all items classified as unevaluated property on a quarterly basis for possible impairment
or reduction in value. The assessment includes consideration of the following factors
 among others: intent to drill; remaining
lease term; geological and geophysical evaluations; drilling results and activity; the assignment of proved reserves; and the
economic viability of development if proved reserves are assigned. During any period in which these factors indicate an impairment
the cumulative drilling costs incurred to date for such property and all or a portion of the associated leasehold costs are transferred
to the full cost pool and are then subject to amortization.

Capitalized costs
associated with impaired properties and properties having proved reserves
 estimated future development costs
 and asset retirement
costs under FASB ASC 410-20-25 are depleted and amortized on the unit-of-production method based on the estimated gross proved
reserves as determined by independent petroleum engineers. The costs of unproved properties are withheld from the depletion base
until such time as they are either developed or abandoned.

Capitalized costs
of oil and natural gas properties (net of related deferred income taxes) may not exceed an amount equal to the present value
discounted at 10% per annum
 of the estimated future net cash flows from proved oil and gas reserves plus the cost of unproved
properties (adjusted for related income tax effects). Should capitalized costs exceed this ceiling
 impairment is recognized.
The present value of estimated future net cash flows is computed by applying the arithmetic average first day price of oil and
natural gas for the preceding twelve months to estimated future production of proved oil and gas reserves as of the end of the
period
 less estimated future expenditures to be incurred in developing and producing the proved reserves and assuming continuation
of existing economic conditions. Such present value of proved reserves' future net cash flows excludes future cash outflows associated
with settling asset retirement obligations. Should this comparison indicate an excess carrying value
 the excess is charged to
earnings as an impairment expense.

As
a result of currently prevailing low commodity prices and their effect on the proved reserve values of properties throughout 2015
and 2016
 we recorded non-cash ceiling test impairments of $5
219
000 and $71
272
000 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and
2015
The
impairment charges are reflected as component of discontinued operations on the statement of operations.

Basic and
Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per Share
Basic earnings
(loss) per share (&#8220;EPS&#8221;) are computed by dividing net income (the numerator) by the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding for the period (the denominator). Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number
of common shares and potential common shares outstanding (if dilutive) during each period. Potential common shares include stock
options
 warrants and restricted stock. The number of potential common shares outstanding relating to stock options
 warrants
and restricted stock is computed using the treasury stock method.

The reconciliation
of the denominators used to calculate basic EPS and diluted EPS for the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2016 and 2015 are as
follows:



    
Years Ended December
    31


    
    
    

Weighted
    average common shares outstanding &#8211; basic
47
979
990
47
979
990

Plus: Potentially dilutive
    common shares:
    
    

    
    
    

Weighted
    average common shares outstanding &#8211; diluted
49
979
990
49
979
990


For 2016 and
2015
 potential dilutive securities had an anti-dilutive effect and were not included in the calculation of diluted net
loss per common share. Stock options and warrants excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS because their effect
was anti-dilutive were 10
957
000 and 15
603
375 as of December&#160;31
&#160;2016 and 2015
 respectively.

Stock-Based
Compensation
Under FASB ASC
718-10-30-2
 all share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 are to be recognized in the income
statement based on their fair values. Pro forma disclosure is no longer an alternative. Amortization of the fair values of stock
options issued for services and compensation totaled $626
602 and $623
700 for the years ended December&#160;31
 2016 and 2015
respectively. The fair values of stock options were determined using the Black-Scholes options pricing model and an effective
term of 6 to 6.5 years based on the weighted average of the vesting periods and the stated term of the option grants and the discount
rate on 5 to 7 year U.S. Treasury securities at the grant date and are being amortized over the related implied service term
or vesting period.


In accordance
with ASC 740
 &#8220;Income Taxes&#8221; (&#8220;ASC 740&#8221;)
 the Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax
position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be capable of withstanding examination by the taxing authorities
based on the technical merits of the position. These standards prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for
the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. These standards
also provide guidance on de-recognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure
 and
transition.

Various taxing
authorities can periodically audit the Company&#8217;s income tax returns. These audits include questions regarding the Company&#8217;s
tax filing positions
 including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income to various tax jurisdictions.
In evaluating the exposures connected with these various tax filing positions
 including state and local taxes
 the Company records
allowances for probable exposures. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter
 for which an allowance has been established
is audited and fully resolved. The Company has not yet undergone an examination by any taxing authorities.

The assessment
of the Company&#8217;s tax position relies on the judgment of management to estimate the exposures associated with the Company&#8217;s
various filing positions.

Recent Accounting
Pronouncements
From
time to time
 new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#34;FASB&#34;) that are
adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date. If not discussed
 management believes that the impact of recently issued
standards
 which are not yet effective
 will not have a material impact on the Company's financial statements upon adoption.

In December 2016
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-20

 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
This guidance updates narrow aspects of the guidance issued in Update 2014-09. This amendment is effective for periods after December
15
 2017
 with early adoption permitted. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of this ASU on our financial statements.

In August
 2016
the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-15

Cash Receipts and Cash Payments 
entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities
the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning
after December 15
 2019. Early adoption is permitted
 including adoption in an interim period. If an entity early adopts the amendments
in an interim period
 any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period.
An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. The Company is currently evaluating
the method of adoption and impact this standard will have on its financial statements and related disclosures.

In March
 2016
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09

Accounting. 
 the amendments are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016
and interim periods within those annual periods. For all other entities
 the amendments are effective for annual periods beginning
after December 15
 2017
 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted
for any entity in any interim or annual period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period
 any adjustments
should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. An entity that elects early adoption
must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. The Company is currently evaluating the method of adoption and impact this
standard will have on its financial statements and related disclosures.

In March
 2016
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-06
&#160;(a
consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force). For public business entities
 the amendments are effective for financial statements
issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. For entities other than
public business entities
 the amendments are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December
15
 2017
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted
 including adoption
in an interim period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period
 any adjustments should be reflected as of
the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. The Company is currently evaluating the method of adoption
and impact this standard will have on its financial statements and related disclosures.

In March
 2016
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-05

Accounting Relationships
 the amendments
are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within those
fiscal years. For all other entities
 the amendments are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning
after December 15
 2017
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted
including adoption in an interim period. The Company is currently evaluating the method of adoption and impact this standard will
have on its financial statements and related disclosures.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016








On March 29
2016
 the Company entered into an Asset Contribution Agreement with Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC
 a Delaware limited liability
company (&#8220;BRHC&#8221;) which was recently formed by the Company to contribute and assign to BRHC
 all of the Company's (i)
oil and gas assets (including working capital and tangible and intangible assets) (the &#8220;Assets&#8221;)
 (ii) outstanding
balances under that certain Credit Agreement between the Company
 as borrower
 and Cadence Bank
 N.A. (&#8220;Cadence&#8221;)
as lender (the &#8220;Cadence Credit Facility&#8221;) and the outstanding balances under that certain Credit Agreement between
the Company
 as borrower
 and the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties thereto
(the &#8220;Chambers&#8221;)
 and Chambers
 as administrative agent (the &#8220;Chambers Credit Facility&#8221;) and (iii) all
current liabilities related to the Assets
 in exchange for 5% of the issued and outstanding Class A Units (the &#8220;Class A
Units&#8221;) in BRHC (the &#8220;Asset Contribution&#8221;). On March 29
 2016
 affiliates of Chambers Energy Management
 LP
(&#8220;Chambers&#8221;) (specifically
 Chambers Energy Capital II
 LP and CEC II TE
 LLC (collectively
 the &#8220;Chambers Affiliates&#8221;))
entered into a Debt Contribution Agreement between BRHC and the Chambers Affiliates
 pursuant to which BRHC issued a number of
Class A Units representing 95% of the Class A Units of BRHC to the Chambers Affiliates in exchange for the release of BRHC's obligations
under the Chambers Credit Facility (the &#8220;Satisfaction of Debt&#8221; and
 together with the Asset Contribution
 the &#8220;BRHC
Transaction&#8221;). Concurrent with the Satisfaction of Debt
 each warrant originally issued with the Chambers Credit Facility
was automatically retired and cancelled. The closing of the BRHC Transaction was subject to the Company obtaining the approval
of stockholders holding a majority of its outstanding capital stock and to the Company having assigned the Cadence Credit Agreement
to BRHC with Cadence&#8217;s consent
 and BRHC and Cadence entering into any applicable amendment agreements related to such assignment
and waiver of financial covenant ratio compliance for the quarter ended December&#160;31
&#160;2015 and quarter ending March 31

 2016
 the Company satisfied all of these conditions and
 for accounting purposes
the BRHC Transaction was closed. The parties have agreed that the BRHC Transaction
 the Asset Contribution and the Satisfaction
of Debt are effective
 for valuation purposes
 as of April 1
 2016.

The terms of
the Class A Units of BRHC are set forth in the limited liability company agreement of BRHC (the &#8220;LLC Agreement&#8221;)
which became effective upon the closing of the BRHC Transaction. All distributions by BRHC of cash or other property
 and whether
upon liquidation or otherwise
 will be made as follows:



First
                                         100% to the Class A Members
 pro rata
 until each Class A Member has received distributions
                                         in aggregate totaling the then Class A Preference
 which is an amount equal to a 10.0%
                                         internal rate of return on the invested capital amount.

Second
                                         90% to the Class A Members
 pro rata
 and 10% to the Class B Members
 pro rata
 until
                                         such time as the aggregate distributions to Chambers equals 250% of the capital contribution
                                         of its Class A Units.

Third
                                         80% to the Class A Members
 pro rata
 and 20% to the Class B Members
 pro rata.

BRHC will be
managed by the BRHC Board
 which will be responsible for the conduct of the day-to-day business of BRHC and the management
 oversight
and disposition of the assets of BRHC. The initial BRHC Board will be comprised of three managers
 consisting of two managers
appointed by Chambers and one member from the Company.

In addition
under the LLC Agreement
 Chambers committed to contribute up to $30 million cash (the &#8220;Chambers Investment Commitment&#8221;)
to BRHC in exchange for Class A Units. At Closing
 Chambers funded $10 million (the &#8220;Initial Chambers Investment&#8221;)
of the Chambers Investment Commitment
 the proceeds of which were used to reduce outstanding amounts owed by BRHC to Cadence under
the Cadence Credit Facility and for general corporate purposes. The remaining $20 million (the &#8220;Subsequent Chambers Investment&#8221;)
subject to certain conditions
 may be called from time to time during the Investment Period by the board of managers of BRHC (the
&#8220;BRHC Board&#8221;). The Initial Chambers Investment and any Subsequent Chambers Investment shall serve to proportionately
reduce the Company's Class A Units percentage ownership in BRHC. The investment period shall be the lesser of three years or such
time as the entire Chambers Investment Commitment has been called by the BRHC Board (the &#8220;Investment Period&#8221;). Any
portion of Chambers Investment Commitment not called by the BRHC Board prior to the expiration of the Investment Period will be
cancelled. In no event will Chambers be required to make a capital contribution in an amount in excess of its undrawn commitment.

The Company was
granted 1
000
000 Class B Units in BRHC at the Closing of the BRHC Transaction. At the discretion of the BRHC&#8217;s Board of
Managers
 the Company may be granted additional Class B Units in BRHC
 and in turn
 the Company may transfer such Class B Units
to certain members of the Company's management. Subject to certain conditions
 the Class B Units will entitle the holders to participate
in any future distributions of BRHC after distributions equal to the capital contributions and preferred return have been made
to the holders of Class A Units of BRHC.

At the closing
of the BRHC Transaction
 the Company entered into a Management Services Agreement with BRHC. Under the Management Services Agreement
the Company provides services to BRHC with respect to the business operations of BRHC
 including but not limited to locating
investigating and analyzing potential non-operator oil and gas projects and day-to-day operations related to such projects. The
Company is paid a fee under the Management Services Agreement intended to cover the costs of providing such services and is reimbursed
for certain third party expenses. The term of the Management Services Agreement commenced on the closing of the BRHC Transaction
and continued indefinitely
 unless terminated
 which required a three month notice by the terminating party. The management services
agreement was terminated by BRHC subsequent to year end as describe in Note 18 &#8211; Subsequent Events.

As a result of
the transaction
 the Company recorded a gain on debt restructuring of $41
621
150 calculated as the difference between our final
ownership interest in BRHC
 after conversion of debt to equity and the equity contribution of the Initial Chambers Investment
within BRHC and our retention of a 3.88% ownership interest in BRHC
 and the net book value of the assets and labilities we transferred
to BRHC.

The
income and expense for the associated with the operating activities (through June 21
 2016
 the date of the BRHC transaction)
contributed in the BRHC Transaction are reflected as &#8220;Loss from discontinued items
 net of income taxes&#8221; on our condensed
statement of operations for all periods presented herein. The items included in &#8220;Loss from discontinued operations
 net
of income taxes&#8221; are as follows:



    
    

    
Ended December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
539
613
15
104
629

    
1
043
026
11
477
653

    
(4
288
736
(6
425
345

    
2
293
903
20
156
937

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
400
639
3
767
444

    
568
028
1
574
110

    
476
461
421
189

    
3
114
347
9
278
108

    
5
219
000
71
272
000

Accretion of discount on
    asset retirement obligations
16
258
32
574

    
10
794
733
86
345
425

    
    
    

    
(8
500
830
(66
188
488

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(1
696
544
(8
136
248

    
(1
696
544
(8
136
248

    
    
    

    
(10
197
374
(74
324
736

    
    
    

    
    
6
593
040

    
    
    

    
(10
197
374
(67
731
696


The
assets and liabilities subject to the BRHC Transaction have been retroactively reclassified as assets and liabilities from discontinued
operations on the Company&#8217;s balance sheet as of December 31
 2015.

Assets
and liabilities reclassified as assets and liabilities from discontinued operations as of December 31
 2015 consisted of the following:



    
December 31


    
    

    
    

    
    

Assets from discontinued operations
 current
    

    
1
154
400

    
5
038
146

Total assets from discontinued
    operations
 current
6
192
546

    
    

Assets from discontinued operations
 long term
    

Oil and natural gas properties
 full cost method
    of accounting
    

    
131
168
906

    
10
394

Total oil and natural gas properties
 full cost
    method of accounting
131
179
300

Less
 accumulated depletion
    and allowance for impairment
(99
371
070

Total assets from discontinued
    operations
 long term
31
808
230

    
    

    
38
000
776

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Liabilities from discontinued operations
 current
    

    
7
882
737

    
56
541

Current portion of revolving
    credit facility and long term debt
60
350
629

Total liabilities from discontinued
    operations
 current
68
289
907

    
    

Liabilities from discontinued operations
 long term
    

    
368
089

Total liabilities from discontinued
    operations
 long term
368
089

    
    

    
68
657
996






































The entire disclosure for restructuring and related activities. Description of restructuring activities such as exit and disposal activities
 include facts and circumstances leading to the plan
 the expected plan completion date
 the major types of costs associated with the plan activities
 total expected costs
 the accrual balance at the end of the period
 and the periods over which the remaining accrual will be settled.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets Disclosure [Abstract]










    
December 31

December 31


    
    
    

    
43
324
8
611

    
11
844
10
424

    
31
724
18
065

    
86
892
37
100















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016








During the years
ended December&#160;31
&#160;2016 and&#160;2015
 we granted various awards to our Officers and Directors as compensation for their
services. These related party grants are fully disclosed in Note 14 below.

Other Related
Party Transactions
We
leased office space on a month to month basis where the lessor is an entity owned by our former CEO and current Chairman of the
Board of Directors
 Bradley Berman. Pursuant to the lease
 we occupied approximately 2
813 square feet of office space. We terminated
the lease concurrent with our move to another location on June 30
 2016. The lease had base rents of $2
110 per month
 plus common
area operations and maintenance charges
 and monthly parking fees of $240 per month
 for the period from November 15
 2013 to
October 31
 2014
 and was subject to increases of $117 per month beginning November 1
 2014 and for each of the subsequent annual
periods. We paid a total of $36
183 and $69
703 to this entity during the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2016 and&#160;2015
respectively.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





6. Investment in Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC


Dec. 31
 2016

Investments
 All Other Investments [Abstract]




Investment in Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC

The investment
in Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC represents our equity interest in Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC following the debt restructuring
and related activity as described in Note 3 &#8211; Debt Restructuring. We account for the investment using the cost method.







The entire disclosure for  investments accounted for under the cost-method. The carrying amount of such investments may be adjusted
 for example
 distributions in excess of cost (return of capital) or for other-than-temporary impairments. The cost method and lower-of-cost or market
 an adaptation of the cost method
 is generally followed for most investments in noncontrolled corporations
 in some corporate joint ventures
 and to a lesser extent in unconsolidated subsidiaries in which the entity does not have the ability to exercise significant influence.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016








Property and equipment at December
31
 2016 and December 31
 2015
 consisted of the following:



    
December 31

December 31


    
    
    

    
140
547
139
004

    
(112
128
(97
857

Total property and equipment
 net
28
419
41
147


All of the oil and gas assets have
been classified as non-current assets from discontinued operations on the balance sheet as of December 31
 2015 as the Company
effectively disposed of those assets as part of the restructuring discussed in Note 3 &#8211; Debt Restructuring.

The following table shows depreciation
depletion
 and amortization expense by type of asset:



    
    

    
December 31


    
    
    

Depletion of costs for evaluated oil and gas properties
    
3
114
347
9
278
108

Depreciation and amortization of other property
    and equipment
14
271
16
295

Total depreciation
    amortization and depletion
3
128
618
9
294
403

Presented
as a component of loss from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes.


As a result of
currently prevailing low commodity prices and their effect on the proved reserve values of properties in 2016
 we recorded non-cash
ceiling test impairments of $5
219
000 and $71
272
000 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. The expense
associated with the impairments is presented as component of loss from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes. The impairment
charges affected our reported net income but did not reduce our cash flow.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016








The following
tables summarize gross and net productive oil wells by state at June 21
 2016 (prior to their disposition through our debt restructuring)
and December&#160;31
&#160;2015. A net well represents our percentage ownership of a gross well. The following tables do not include
wells in which our interest is limited to royalty and overriding royalty interests. The following tables also do not include wells
which were awaiting completion
 in the process of completion or awaiting flow back subsequent to fracture stimulation.



    
June 21
 2016
December 31
 2015

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


The Company&#8217;s
oil and natural gas properties consist of all acreage acquisition costs (including cash expenditures and the value of stock consideration)
drilling costs and other associated capitalized costs. As of June 21
 2016 and December&#160;31
&#160;2015
 our principal oil
and gas assets included approximately 7
016 and 8
100&#160;net acres
 respectively
 located in North Dakota and Montana.

The following
table summarizes our capitalized costs for the purchase and development of our oil and natural gas properties for the years ended
December&#160;31
&#160;2016 and&#160;2015:



    
Years Ended December
    31


    
    
    

Purchases of
    oil and natural gas properties and development costs for cash
4
858
134
20
714
004

Purchase of oil and natural
    gas properties accrued at period end (prior to disposition)
3
155
016
6
899
503

Purchase of oil and natural
    gas properties accrued at the beginning of period
(6
899
503
(9
364
796

Capitalized
    asset retirement obligations
4
737
48
711

Total
    purchase and development costs
 oil and natural gas properties
1
118
384
18
297
422



During 2016
the Company sold
 prior to our debt restructuring
 approximately 14&#160;net mineral acres of oil and natural gas properties for
total proceeds of $94
628. No gain or loss was recorded pursuant to the sales.

2016 Disposition
in Debt Restructuring
On June 21
 2016
we disposed of all of our oil and gas properties
 with net carrying costs of $24
498
638
 as part of our debt restructuring as
outlined in Note 3 &#8211; Debt Restructuring.


During 2015
the Company purchased approximately 9&#160;net mineral acres of oil and natural gas properties in North Dakota and Montana. In
consideration for the assignment of these mineral leases
 we paid the sellers a total of approximately $102
928.


During 2015
the Company sold approximately 14&#160;net mineral acres of oil and natural gas properties and rights to individual well bores
in North Dakota for total proceeds of $127
348. No gain or loss was recorded pursuant to the sales.

Undeveloped
Acreage Expirations
Prior to our
restructuring on June 21
 2016
 we had leases encompassing 1
079 net acres expire with carrying costs of $650
816 that had been
reserved and transferred to the full cost pool subject to depletion in 2015.



































The entire disclosure for properties used in normal conduct of oil and gas exploration and producing operations. This disclosure may include property accounting policies and methodology
 a schedule of property
 plant and equipment gross
 additions
 deletions
 transfers and other changes
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 net
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense and useful lives.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016








The Company has
asset retirement obligations (ARO) associated with the future plugging and abandonment of proved properties and related facilities.
Under the provisions of FASB ASC 410-20-25
 the fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation is recorded in the
period in which it is incurred and a corresponding increase in the carrying amount of the related long lived asset. The liability
is accreted to its present value each period
 and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset.
If the liability is settled for an amount other than the recorded amount
 a gain or loss is recognized. The Company has no assets
that are legally restricted for purposes of settling asset retirement obligations.

The following
table summarizes the Company&#8217;s asset retirement obligation transactions recorded in accordance with the provisions of FASB
ASC 410-20-25 during the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2016 and&#160;2015:



    
Years ended December
    31


    
    
    

    
368
089
286
804

Liabilities incurred for
    new wells placed in production
4
737
48
711

Accretion of discount on
    asset retirement obligations
16
258
32
574

Liability
    relieved in debt restructuring
(389
084
    

    
    
368
089


The
ARO as of December 31
 2015 has been reclassified to non-current liabilities from discontinued operations on the balance sheet.



































The entire disclosure for an asset retirement obligation and the associated long-lived asset. An asset retirement obligation is a legal obligation associated with the disposal or retirement from service of a tangible long-lived asset that results from the acquisition
 construction or development
 or the normal operations of a long-lived asset
 except for certain obligations of lessees.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016








The Company is
required to recognize all derivative instruments on the balance sheet as either assets or liabilities measured at fair value.
The Company has not designated its derivative instruments as hedges for accounting purposes and
 as such
 marks its derivative
instruments to fair value and recognizes the realized and unrealized changes in fair value in its statements of operations under
the captions &#8220;Loss on Settled Derivatives&#8221; and &#8220;Losses on the mark-to-market of derivatives.&#8221;

The Company has
utilized swap and collar derivative contracts to hedge against the variability in cash flows associated with the forecasted sale
of crude oil production. While the use of these derivative instruments limits the downside risk of adverse price movements
 their
use also limits the upside revenue potential of upward price movements.

For a fixed price
swap contract
 the counterparty is required to make a payment to the Company if the settlement price for any settlement period
is less than the swap price and the Company is required to make a payment to the counterparty if the settlement price for any
period is greater than the swap price. For a collar contract
 the counterparty is required to make a payment to the Company if
the settlement price for any settlement period is below the floor price
 the Company is required to make a payment to the counterparty
if the settlement price for any settlement period is above the ceiling price and no payment is required by either party if the
settlement price for any settlement period is between the floor price and the ceiling price.

The Company&#8217;s
derivative contracts are settled based on reported settlement prices on commodity exchanges
 with crude oil derivative settlements
based on NYMEX West Texas Intermediate (&#8220;WTI&#8221;) pricing.

As of December
31
 2016
 the Company had no outstanding derivative contracts. As of June 21
 2016 all of our then outstanding derivative contracts
with a mark-to-market liability valuation of $3
134
336
 were transferred to BRHC as part of the debt restructuring.

Derivative
Gains and Losses
The following
table presents realized and unrealized gains and losses on derivative instruments for the periods presented:



    
    

    
December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
922
872
10
325
126

    
120
154
1
152
527

Realized gain on derivatives
    net
1
043
026
11
477
653

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(4
157
491
(5
669
678

    
(131
245
(755
667

Gain (loss) on the mark-to-market
    of derivatives
 net
(4
288
736
(6
425
345


Balance Sheet
Offsetting of Derivative Assets and Liabilities
ASU No 2011-11

 requires an entity to disclose information
about offsetting arrangements to enable financial statement users to understand the effects of netting arrangements on an entity&#8217;s
financial position. The Company adopted the provision of the standard upon entering into our first derivative contract and has
provided the applicable disclosures below with respect to its derivative instruments.

All of the Company&#8217;s
derivative contracts are carried at their fair value in the condensed balance sheets under the captions &#8220;Current portion
of derivative instruments&#8221; and &#8220;Derivative instruments&#8221;. Derivative instruments from the same counterparty that
are subject to contractual terms which provide for net settlement are reported on a net basis in the condensed balance sheets.
The following tables present the gross amounts of recognized derivative assets and liabilities
 the amounts offset under the netting
arrangements with counterparties
 and the resulting net amounts presented in the condensed balance sheets for the periods presented
all at fair value.



    
December 31
 2016
December 31
 2015

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
1
154
417
    
1
154
400




    
December 31
 2016
December 31
 2015

    
 amounts


    liabilities
    
    offset
    sheet
    
    liabilities
    sheet
 amounts


    liabilities
    
    offset
    sheet
    



    sheet

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


The following
table reconciles the net amounts disclosed above to the individual financial statement line items in the condensed balance sheets:



    
December 31


    
    
    

    
    
1
154
400

    
    
    

Net amount of assets on
    the balance sheet
    
1
154
400

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Net amounts of liabilities
    on the balance sheet
    
    

Total derivative assets
    net
    
1
154
400





































The entire disclosure for derivative instruments and hedging activities including
 but not limited to
 risk management strategies
 non-hedging derivative instruments
 assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses
 and methodologies and assumptions used in determining the amounts.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016








Under FASB ASC
820-10-5
 fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date (an exit price). The standard outlines a valuation framework and
creates a fair value hierarchy in order to increase the consistency and comparability of fair value measurements and the related
disclosures. Under GAAP
 certain assets and liabilities must be measured at fair value
 and FASB ASC 820-10-50 details the disclosures
that are required for items measured at fair value.

The Company has
cash and cash equivalents and a revolving credit facility that must be measured under the fair value standard. The Company&#8217;s
financial assets and liabilities are measured using inputs from the three levels of the fair value hierarchy. The three levels
are as follows:

Level
1 - Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability
to access at the measurement date.

Level
2 - Inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar
assets or liabilities in markets that are not active
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability
(e.g.
 interest rates
 yield curves
 etc.)
 and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market
data by correlation or other means (market corroborated inputs).

Level
3 - Unobservable inputs that reflect our assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset
or liability.

The following
schedule summarizes the valuation of financial instruments at fair value on a recurring basis in the balances sheet as of December&#160;31
&#160;2016
and&#160;2015:



    
Fair Value Measurements
    at December 31
 2016

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
66
269
    
    

Derivative Instruments (crude oil swaps and
    collars)
    
    
    

    
66
269
    
    

    
    
    
    

Revolving credit facilities and long term debt
    net of discounts
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
66
269
    
    




    
Fair Value Measurements
    at December 31
 2015

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
228
194
    
    

Derivative Instruments (crude oil swaps and
    collars)
    
1
154
400
    

    
228
194
1
154
400
    

    
    
    
    

Revolving credit facilities and long term debt
    net of discounts
    
60
350
629
    

    
    
60
350
629
    

    
228
194
(59
196
229
    


There were no
transfers of financial assets or liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 inputs for the years ended December&#160;31
 2016 and
2015.

Level 2 liabilities
include revolving credit facilities. No fair value adjustment was necessary during the years ended December&#160;31
 2016 and
2015.



































The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined)
 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016








The Company
as borrower
 entered into a Credit Agreement dated August&#160;8
&#160;2013 and amendments thereto dated December&#160;13
 2013
March&#160;24
 2014
 April&#160;21
 2014
 September&#160;11
 2014
 March&#160;30
 2015 and August 10
 2015 (as amended
 the &#8220;Senior
) with Cadence Bank
 N.A. (&#8220;Cadence&#8221;)
 as lender (the &#8220;Senior Credit Facility&#8221;).
Under the terms of the Senior Credit Agreement
 a senior secured revolving line of credit in the maximum aggregate principal amount
of $50&#160;million was available from time to time (i) for direct investment in oil and gas properties
 (ii) for general working
capital purposes
 including the issuance of letters of credit
 and (iii) to refinance the then existing debt under the Company&#8217;s
former credit facility.

Availability
under the Senior Credit Facility was at all times subject to the then-applicable borrowing base
 determined by Cadence in a manner
consistent with the normal and customary oil and gas lending practices of Cadence. Availability was initially set at $7&#160;million
and was subject to periodic redeterminations. Subject to availability under the borrowing base
 the Company could borrow
 repay
and re-borrow funds in amounts of $250
000 or more. At the Company&#8217;s election
 the unpaid principal balance of any borrowings
under the Senior Credit Facility may bear interest at either (i) the Base Rate
 as defined in the Senior Credit Facility
 plus
the applicable margin
 which varies from 1.00% to 1.50% or (ii) the LIBOR rate
 as defined in the Senior Credit Facility
 plus
the applicable margin
 which varies from 3.00% to 3.50%. Interest was payable for Base Rate loans on the last business day of
the month and for LIBOR loans on the last LIBOR business day of each LIBOR interest period. The Company was also required to pay
a quarterly fee of 0.50% on any unused portion of the borrowing base
 as well as a facility fee of 0.90% of the initial and any
subsequent additions to the borrowing base.

The Senior Credit
Facility&#8217;s maturity date of August&#160;8
&#160;2016
 was subsequently amended to January&#160;15
&#160;2017 pursuant to
the amendment on March&#160;30
&#160;2015. The Company could prepay the entire amount of Base Rate loans at any time
 and could
prepay the entire amount of LIBOR loans upon at least three business days&#8217; notice to Cadence. The Senior Credit Facility
was secured by first priority interests in mortgages on substantially all of the Company&#8217;s assets
 including but not limited
to the Company&#8217;s mineral interests in North Dakota and Montana.

As part of the
debt restructuring outline in Note 3 &#8211; Debt Restructuring
 the Company transferred the obligation with a balance outstanding
of $29
400
000 under the Senior Credit Facility to BRHC. The Company had borrowings of $27.75 million outstanding under the Senior
Credit Agreement as of December 31
 2015.

Subordinated
Credit Facility
The Company
as borrower
 entered into a Second Lien Credit Agreement dated August&#160;8
&#160;2013 and amendments thereto dated December&#160;13
&#160;2013
March&#160;24
&#160;2014
 April&#160;21
&#160;2014
 September&#160;11
&#160;2014
 March&#160;30
&#160;2015
 and August 10
 2015
(as amended
 the &#8220;Subordinated Credit Agreement&#8221;) by and among the Company
 as borrower
 Chambers Energy Management
LP
 as administrative agent (&#8220;Chambers&#8221;)
 and the several other lenders named therein (the &#8220;Subordinated Credit
Facility&#8221;). Under the Subordinated Credit Facility
 term loans in the aggregate principal amount of up to $75&#160;million
were available from time to time (i) to repay the Previous Credit Facility
 (ii) for fees and closing costs in connection with
both the Senior Credit Facility and the Subordinated Credit Facility (together
 the &#8220;Credit Facilities&#8221;)
 and (iii)
general corporate purposes.

The Subordinated
Credit Agreement provided initial commitment availability of $25&#160;million
 which was subsequently amended to $30&#160;million
with the remaining commitments subject to the approval of Chambers and other customary conditions. The Company could borrow the
available commitments in amounts of $5&#160;million or more and could not request borrowings of such loans more than once a month
provided that the initial draw was at least $15&#160;million. Loans under the Subordinated Credit Facility were funded net of
a 2% OID. The unpaid principal balance of borrowings under the Subordinated Credit Facility bore interest at the Cash Interest
Rate plus the PIK Interest Rate. The Cash Interest Rate was 9.00% per annum plus a rate per annum equal to the greater of (i)
1.00% and (ii) the offered rate for three-month deposits in U.S. dollars that appears on Reuters Screen LIBOR 01 as of 11:00 a.m.
(London time) on the second full LIBOR business day preceding the first day of each calendar quarter. The PIK Interest Rate was
equal to 4.00% per annum. Interest was payable on the last day of each month. The Company was also required to pay an annual nonrefundable
administration fee of $50
000 and a monthly availability fee computed at a rate of 0.50% per annum on the average daily amount
of any unused portion of the available amount under the commitment.

The Subordinated
Credit Facility matured on June&#160;30
&#160;2017. Upon at least three business days&#8217; written notice
 the Company could
prepay the entire amount under the loans
 together with accrued interest. Each prepayment made prior to the second anniversary
of the funding date
 as defined in the Subordinated Credit Facility
 would be accompanied by a make-whole amount
 as defined in
the Subordinated Credit Agreement. Prepayments made on or after the second anniversary of the funding date were accompanied by
an applicable premium
 as set forth in the Subordinated Credit Agreement. The Subordinated Credit Facility was secured by second
priority interests on substantially all of the Company&#8217;s assets
 including but not limited to second priority mortgages
on the Company&#8217;s mineral interests in North Dakota and Montana.

The first funding
from the Subordinated Credit Facility occurred on September&#160;9
&#160;2013 at which time we drew $14
700
000
 net of a $300
000
original issue discount
 from the Subordinated Credit Agreement and used $10
226
057 of those proceeds to repay and terminate
a previously outstanding revolving credit facility. We had drawn an additional $14
700
000
 net of $300
000 original issue discounts
through December 31
 2015. The Company had borrowings of $30.0&#160;million outstanding under the Subordinated Credit Facility
as of December&#160;31
&#160;2015. The obligations under the Subordinated Credit Facility
 $30.0 million of principal and $2
931
369
of PIK interest payable
 were transferred to BRHC and converted to equity in BRHC as part of the debt restructuring outlined in
Note 3- Debt Restructuring.

Intercreditor
Agreements and Covenants
Cadence and Chambers
had entered into an Intercreditor Agreement dated August&#160;8
&#160;2013 (the &#8220;Intercreditor Agreement&#8221;). The Intercreditor
Agreement provided that any liens on the assets of the Company securing indebtedness under the Subordinated Credit Facility were
subordinate to liens on the assets securing indebtedness under the Senior Credit Facility and set forth the respective rights
obligations and remedies of the lenders under the Senior Credit Facility with respect to their first priority liens and the lenders
under the Subordinated Credit Facility with respect to their second priority liens.

The Credit Facilities
as amended
 required customary affirmative and negative covenants for credit facilities of the respective types and sizes for
companies operating in the oil and gas industry
 as well as customary events of default. Furthermore
 the Credit Facilities contain
financial covenants that required the Company to satisfy certain specified financial ratios. The Senior Credit Agreement required
the Company to maintain
 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company
 (i) a collateral coverage ratio (reserve value
plus consolidated working capital to adjusted indebtedness) of at least 0.65 to 1.00 through the quarter ending June&#160;30
&#160;2014
0.70 to 1.00 for the quarters ending September&#160;30
&#160;2014 and December&#160;31
&#160;2014
 was waived for the quarters
ending March&#160;31
&#160;2015 and June&#160;30
&#160;2015
 and 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September&#160;30
&#160;2015
and 0.80 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&#160;31
&#160;2015 and thereafter
 (ii) a ratio of current assets
 including
debt facility available to be drawn
 to current liabilities of a minimum of 1.0 to 1.0
 except for the quarter ending June&#160;30
&#160;2014
which was waived
 (iii) a net debt to EBITDAX
 as defined in the Senior Credit Agreement
 ratio of 3.75 to 1.00 for the quarter
ended March&#160;31
&#160;2014
 4.25 to 1.00 for the quarters ended June&#160;30
&#160;2014 and September&#160;30
&#160;2014
4.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ended December&#160;31
&#160;2014
 was waived for the quarters ended March&#160;31
&#160;2015 and
June 30
 2015
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September&#160;30
&#160;2015
 and 3.65 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&#160;31
&#160;2015
and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March&#160;31
&#160;2016 and thereafter
 in each case calculated on a modified trailing
four quarter basis
 (iv) a maximum senior leverage ratio of not more than 2.5 to 1.0 calculated on a modified trailing four quarter
basis
 and (v) a minimum interest coverage ratio of not less than 3.0 to 1.0. The Subordinated Credit Agreement required the Company
to maintain
 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company
 (i) a collateral coverage ratio (reserve value plus consolidated
working capital to adjusted indebtedness) of at least 0.65 to 1.00 through the quarter ending June&#160;30
&#160;2014
 0.70 to
1.00 for the quarters ending September&#160;30
&#160;2014 and December&#160;31
&#160;2014
 was waived for the quarters ending
March&#160;31
&#160;2015 and June 30
 2015
 and 0.70 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September&#160;30
&#160;2015
 and 0.80 to
1.00 for the quarter ending December&#160;31
&#160;2015 and thereafter
 (ii) a consolidated net leverage ratio (adjusted total
indebtedness less the amount of unrestricted cash equivalents to consolidated EBITDA) of no more than 3.75 to 1.00 for the quarter
ending March&#160;31
&#160;2014
 4.25 to 1.00 for the quarters ending June&#160;30
&#160;2014 and September&#160;30
&#160;2014
4.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&#160;31
&#160;2014
 was waived for the quarters ending March&#160;31
&#160;2015 and
June 30
 2015
 and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ending September&#160;30
&#160;2015
 and 3.65 to 1.00 for the quarter ending December&#160;31
&#160;2015
and 3.50 to 1.00 for the quarter ending March&#160;31
&#160;2016 and thereafter
 calculated on a modified trailing four quarter
basis
 (iii) a consolidated cash interest coverage ratio (consolidated EBITDA to consolidated cash interest expense) of no less
than 2.5 to 1.0
 calculated on a modified trailing four quarter basis and (iv) a ratio of consolidated current assets to consolidated
current liabilities of at least 1.0 to 1.0
 except for the quarter ending June 30
 2015 when the covenant was waived. In addition
each of the Credit Facilities required that the Company enter into hedging agreements based on anticipated oil production from
currently producing wells as agreed to by the lenders.


The Company was
out of compliance with the collateral coverage ratio covenant as of March 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015 and the current ratio
covenant as defined by the Subordinated Credit Facility as of March 31
 2016. Additionally
 the audit report the Company received
with respect to its financial statements as of December 31
 2015 contains an explanatory paragraph expressing uncertainty as to
the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern
 the delivery of which constituted a default under both its Senior
Credit Facility and Subordinated Credit Facility.  The Company
received a waiver for all debt covenants as of December 31
 2015 and March 31
 2016 as part of the debt restructuring outlined
in Note 3 &#8211; Debt Restructuring.

Debt Discount
Detachable Warrants
In connection
with the Subordinated Credit Facility
 the Company agreed to issue to the lenders detachable warrants to purchase up to 5
000
000
shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at an exercise price of $0.65 per share. The warrants were retired and cancelled as
part of the debt restructuring.

Proceeds from
the loan were allocated between the debt and equity based on the relative fair values of the warrants at the time of issuance
resulting in a debt discount of $2
473
576 at issuance that is presented as a debt discount on the balance sheet which was being
amortized using the effective interest method over the life of the credit facility
 which matured on June&#160;30
&#160;2017.
A total of $-0- and $1
645
749 was amortized during the years ended December 31
 2016 and&#160;2015. The remaining unamortized
balance of the debt discount attributable to the warrants was $-0- as of December 31
&#160;2016 and 2015. The amortization of
the debt discount attributable to the warrants was accelerated in 2015 to fully amortize the discount as of December 31
 2015
when the related debt became payable on demand due to a default on the related debt.

Amounts outstanding
under revolving credit facilities and long term debts consisted of the following as of December 31
 2015:



    
December 31


    
    

Senior Revolving Credit Facility
 Cadence Bank
 N.A.
27
750
000

Subordinated Credit Agreement
 Chambers
30
000
000

PIK Interest on Subordinated Credit Agreement
    Chambers
2
600
629

    
    

    
60
350
629

    
    

Less: Unamortized debt
    discount attributable to warrants
    

Total credit facilities and long term debts
 net of discounts
60
350
629

Less: current maturities
    
(60
350
629

    
    

Long term portion of credit facilities and
    long term debts
    


(1)
Due to existing and anticipated covenant violations
 the Company&#8217;s Senior Credit
Facility and Subordinated Credit Facility were classified as current December 31
 2015 and are presented as part of current liabilities
from discontinued operations on the balance sheet.

Net proceeds
of $29.4&#160;million was received from our $30&#160;million in advances due to $600
000 of OID pursuant to the Subordinated Credit
Agreement at issuance that is presented as a debt discount on the balance sheet and was being amortized using the effective interest
method over the life of the credit facility
 was to mature on June&#160;30
&#160;2017. A total of $-0- and $426
734 was amortized
during the years ended December 31
 2016 and&#160;2015
 respectively. The remaining unamortized balance of the debt discount attributable
to the OID is $-0- as of December 31
 2016 and December 31
 2015 as the amortization was accelerated in 2015 to fully amortize
the discount as of December 31
 2015 when the related debt became payable on demand due to a default on the related debt.

The following
presents components of interest expense
 presented as a component of loss from discontinued operations
 for the years ended December
31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively:



    
Years Ended December
    31


    
    
    

    
330
740
1
293
543

    
    
426
734

    
1
373
023
4
381
278

    
    
751
019

    
    
1
645
749

Less interest capitalized to the full cost
    pool of our proved oil &#38; gas properties
(7
219
(362
075

    
1
696
544
8
136
248









The entire disclosure for debt and capital lease obligations can be reported. Information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants. Also includes descriptions and amounts of capital leasing arrangements that consist of direct financing
 sales type and leveraged leases. Disclosure may include the effect on the balance sheet and the income statement resulting from a change in lease classification for leases that at inception would have been classified differently had guidance been in effect at the inception of the original lease.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016








Preferred
Stock
The Company has
20
000
000 authorized shares of $0.001 par value preferred stock. No shares have been issued to date.

Common
Stock
The Company has
500
000
000 authorized shares of $0.001 par value common stock.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]






The
following table presents all options granted during the year ended December&#160;31
&#160;2016:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
K. DeCubellis
 CEO
1
204
000
    
    
    
    
    
47
925
    
    

    
J. Moe
 CFO
450
000
    
    
    
    
    
17
912
    
    

    
M. Eisele
 COO
500
000
    
    
    
    
    
19
903
    
    

    
    
300
000
    
    
    
    
    
11
942
    
    

    
    
36
000
    
    
    
    
    
1
433
    
    

    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
1
990
    
    

    
    
65
000
    
    
    
    
    
2
587
    
    

    
    
8
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
J. Lahti
 Director
300
000
    
    
    
    
    
11
942
    
    

    
B. Oehler
 Director
300
000
    
    
    
    
    
11
942
    
    

    
B. Berman
 Director
300
000
    
    
    
    
    
11
942
    
    

    
L. Berman
 Director
300
000
    
    
    
    
    
11
942
    
    

    
L. Berman
 Director
100
000
    
    
    
    
    
4
973
    
    

    
    
3
913
500
    
    
    
    
    
156
771
2
913
    



The
following table presents all options granted during the year ended December&#160;31
&#160;2015:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
K. DeCubellis
 CEO
    
200
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
28
676
5
736
1
434

    
J. Moe
 CFO
    
150
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
21
507
4
300
1
075

    
M. Eisele
 COO
    
200
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
28
676
5
736
1
434

    
    
    
150
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
21
507
4
300
1
075

    
    
    
30
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
301
    
    

    
    
    
30
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
301
    
    

    
    
    
30
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
301
    
    

    
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
434
    
    

    
J. Lahti
 Director
    
100
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
14
338
2
868
    

    
B. Oehler
 Director
    
100
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
14
338
2
868
    

    
    
    
1
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
143
379
28
676
7
169

All
options vest in equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of the grant
 are exercisable for 10 years from the
date of the grant and are being amortized over the implied service term
 or vesting period
 of the options.


On September&#160;30
&#160;2015
1
000
000 common stock options were voluntarily forfeited by our chairman of the board.

No other options
were cancelled during 2016 or 2015.


On May 31
&#160;2016
a total of 12
000 options with a strike price of $0.33 per share expired.

On November&#160;30
&#160;2015
a total of 66
667 options with a strike price of $0.30 per share expired.

On October&#160;17
&#160;2015
a total of 86
667 options with a strike price of $1.00 per share expired.

No other options
expired during 2016 or 2015.


No options were
exercised during the year ended December&#160;31
&#160;2016 and&#160;2015.

The following
is a summary of information about the Stock Options outstanding at December&#160;31
&#160;2016.



    
    
    

Shares Underlying
    Options Outstanding
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
10
957
000
    
    
    
    
    
4
415
500
    
    


The fair value
of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average
assumptions used for grants under the fixed option plan:



    
    
December 31

    
December 31


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


The Black-Scholes
option pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of short-term traded options that have no vesting restrictions
and are fully transferable. In addition
 option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions including
expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&#8217;s employee stock options have characteristics significantly different
from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
in management&#8217;s opinion the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its
employee stock options. During the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2016 and&#160;2015 there were no options granted with an
exercise price below the fair value of the underlying stock at the grant date.

The following
is a summary of activity of outstanding stock options:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2014
7
208
834
    

    
(153
334
    

    
(1
000
000
    

    
1
000
000
    

    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2015
7
055
500
    

    
(12
000
    

    
    
    

    
3
913
500
    

    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2016
10
957
000
    

    
    
    

Exercisable
 December 31
 2016
4
415
500
    


The
Company expensed $626
602 and $623
700 from the amortization of common stock options during the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2016
and&#160;2015
 respectively.







The entire disclosure for compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation
 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









No warrants were
granted during the year ended December&#160;31
&#160;2016 and&#160;2015.


A total of 5
000
000
warrants with a strike price of $0.65 per share were forfeited on June 21
 2016 commensurate with our debt refinancing. No warrants
were cancelled during the year ended December&#160;31
&#160;2015.


A total of 3
048
375
warrants with an average strike price of $1.45 per share expired on July 26
 2016.

A total of 500
000
warrants with a strike price of $0.95 per share expired on May 2
 2016.

A total of 585
000
warrants with a strike price of $0.38 per share expired on September 5
&#160;2015.


No warrants were
exercised during the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2016 and&#160;2015.

There are no
warrants outstanding as of December&#160;31
&#160;2016.

The following
is a summary of activity of outstanding warrants:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2014
9
133
375
    

    
(585
000
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2015
8
548
375
    

    
(3
548
375
    

    
(5
000
000
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2016
    
    

    
    
    

Exercisable
 December 31
 2016
    
    

    
    
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016








We account for
income taxes under the provisions of ASC Topic 740

 
income taxes. Under this approach
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on anticipated future tax consequences
using currently enacted tax laws
 attributable to temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
for financial reporting purposes and the amounts calculated for income tax purposes.

Our provision
for income taxes for the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2016 and&#160;2015 consisted of the following:



    
December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

Deferred tax provision (benefit)
 as part of
    discontinued operations
    
(6
593
040

    
    
    

    
    
(6
593
040


The effective
income tax rate for the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2016 and&#160;2015 consisted of the following:



    
December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


The Company&#8217;s
state income tax rate as of December&#160;31
&#160;2016 decreased by&#160;1.13% from&#160;4.13% as of December&#160;31
&#160;2015
to&#160;3.26%. This decrease in the effective tax rate is attributable to changes in the Company&#8217;s state apportionment factors
in the current year. In 2015
 due to the settled derivatives being sourced to the state of Minnesota for income tax purposes
a larger percentage of the Company&#8217;s activity was expected to be apportioned to that state. The derivative gains
 reported
in discontinued operations
 were substantially lower in 2016. As compared to North Dakota and Montana
 the other states the Company
files tax returns in which have a corporate income tax rate of 4.31% and 6.75%
 respectively
 the state of Minnesota has a 9.80%
corporate income tax rate.

The components
of the deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December&#160;31
&#160;2016 and&#160;2015 are as follows:



    
December 31


    
    
    

Deferred
    tax assets:
    
    

Federal and
    state net operating loss carryovers
9
025
553
9
294
824

    
2
715
486
2
531
641

Ceiling test impairment
    intangible drilling costs and other exploration costs capitalized for financial reporting purposes
    
12
186
927

    
    
    

    
51
258
52
415

Asset
    retirement obligation
    
144
005

Total
    deferred tax assets
11
792
297
24
209
812

    
    
    

Deferred
    tax liabilities:
    
    

Ceiling test impairment
    intangible drilling costs and other exploration costs capitalized for financial reporting purposes
    
    

    
    
(451
628

Property
    and equipment
(3
731
(7
006

Total
    deferred liabilities
(3
731
(458
634

    
    
    

Net deferred tax assets
    (liabilities)
11
788
566
23
751
178

Less:
    valuation allowance
(11
788
566
(23
751
178

Deferred
    tax assets (liabilities)
    
    


As of December&#160;31
&#160;2016
the Company has net operating loss carryover of approximately $23
590
835. Under existing Federal law
 the net operating loss
may be utilized to offset taxable income through the year ended December&#160;31
&#160;2036. A portion of the net operating loss
carryover begins to expire in 2030.

ASC Topic
740 provides that a valuation allowance is recognized if
 based on the weight of available evidence
 it is more likely than
not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. In 2015
 the Company increased its valuation
allowance from $579
522 to $23
751
178. As of December&#160;31
&#160;2016
 the Company has decreased its valuation allowance
from $23
751
178 to $11
788
566. This decrease was to adjust for the decrease in net deferred tax assets due to the transfer
of oil and assets in connection with the Company&#8217;s restructuring. The Company believes it is more likely than not that
the benefit of these remaining assets will not be realized.

The
Company files annual US Federal income tax returns and annual income tax returns for the states of Minnesota
 North Dakota and
Montana. We are not subject to income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2010 for all returns. Income taxing
authorities have conducted no formal examinations of our past federal or state income tax returns and supporting records.

The
Company adopted the provisions of ASC Topic 740 regarding uncertainty in income taxes. The Company has found no significant uncertain
tax positions as of any date on or before December&#160;31
&#160;2016.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016








The Company is
involved in various inquiries
 administrative proceedings and litigation relating to matters arising in the normal course of business.
The Company is not currently a defendant in any material litigation and is not aware of any threatened litigation that could have
a material effect on the Company. Management is not able to estimate the minimum loss to be incurred
 if any
 as a result of the
final outcome of the matters arising in the normal course of business but believes they are not likely to have a material adverse
effect upon the Company&#8217;s financial position or results of operations and
 accordingly
 no provision for loss has been recorded.

The Company periodically
maintains cash balances at banks in excess of federally insured amounts. The extent of loss
 if any
 to be sustained as a result
of any future failure of a bank or other financial institution is not subject to estimation at this time.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016








Cancelation
of Management Services Agreement and Sale of BRHC Assets

On April 3
2017
 we were notified by BRHC of their termination of our Management Services Agreement and that they had finalized the sale
of BRHC&#8217;s oil and gas assets to a third party. On April 3
 BRHC signed a Contribution Agreement that provides
for the transfer of ownership and title of all oil and gas assets held by BRHC in exchange for preferred membership interest
in the acquiring LLC (the &#8220;BRHC Sale&#8221;). Consistent with the terms of the Management Services Agreement
 we will
be paid for our management services for the three month period ended June 30
 2017. Additionally
 Chambers Energy Capital II
LP and CEC II TE
 LLC 
 have agreed to purchase for cash our 3.88% equity share in BRHC
 which is estimated to be
approximately $1.1 million.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016








Basis
of Accounting
Our financial
statements are prepared using the accrual method of accounting as generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP)
and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).






In the
current year
 the Company classified assets and liabilities subject to our restructuring transaction outline in Note 3 - Debt
Restructuring as assets and liabilities from discontinued operations in the balance sheet and income
 expense and cash flows
from the restructured operations are shows as net income and cash flows from discontinued operations. For comparative
purposes
 amounts from prior periods have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation.





Segment


disclosures about its products
 services
 geographic areas and major customers. An operating segment is defined as a component
of an enterprise that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and expenses
 and about which separate financial
information is regularly evaluated by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources. The Company operates
as a single segment and will evaluate additional segment disclosure requirements as it expands its operations.





Use
of Estimates
The preparation
of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.





Environmental
Liabilities
The oil and gas
industry is subject
 by its nature
 to environmental hazards and clean-up costs. At this time
 management knows of no substantial
losses from environmental accidents or events which would have a material effect on the Company.






Cash equivalents
include money market accounts which have maturities of three months or less. For the purpose of the statements of cash flows
all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents
are stated at cost plus accrued interest
 which approximates market value. The Company had no cash equivalents on hand as of December&#160;31
2016 and December&#160;31
 2015.





Cash in Excess of FDIC Insured
Limits
The Company maintains
its cash in bank deposit accounts which
 at times
 may exceed federally insured limits. Accounts are guaranteed by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to $250
000
 under current regulations. The Company did not have any funds in excess of
FDIC insured limits at December&#160;31
 2016 and 2015. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts.&#160;





Debt
Issuance Costs
Costs relating
to obtaining certain debts are capitalized and amortized over the term of the related debt using the straight-line method
 which
approximates the effective interest method. The Company paid $-0- and $50
000 of debt issuance costs during the years ended December&#160;31
2016 and 2015
 respectively
 of which the unamortized balance of debt issuance costs at December&#160;31
 2016 and 2015 was $-0-
and $-0-
 respectively. Amortization of debt issuance costs charged to interest expense was $-0- and $751
019 for the years ended
December&#160;31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. Interest expense related to debt issuance costs is reflected as part of loss from
discontinued operations on the statement of operations. When a loan is paid in full or becomes due on demand due to a default
on the loan
 as was the case at December 31
 2015
 any unamortized financing costs are removed from the related accounts and charged
to interest expense.






The Company accounts
for website development costs in accordance with ASC 350-50
 &#8220;Accounting for Website Development Costs&#8221; (&#8220;ASC
350-50&#8221;)
 wherein website development costs are segregated into three activities:


Initial
                                         stage (planning)
 whereby the related costs are expensed.


Development
                                         (web application
 infrastructure
 graphics)
 whereby the related costs are capitalized
                                         and amortized once the website is ready for use. Costs for development content of the
                                         website may be expensed or capitalized depending on the circumstances of the expenditures.


Post-implementation
                                         (after site is up and running: security
 training
 admin)
 whereby the related costs
                                         are expensed as incurred. Upgrades are usually expensed
 unless they add additional functionality.

We have capitalized
a total of $56
660 of website development costs from inception through December&#160;31
&#160;2016. We have recognized depreciation
expense on these website costs of $-0- and $257 for the years ended December&#160;31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. As of December
31
 2016
 all website development costs have been fully depreciated.






The Company recognizes
deferred tax assets and liabilities based on differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities
using the enacted tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to be recovered. The
Company provides a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for which it does not consider realization of such assets to be
more likely than not.





Fair Value
of Financial Instruments
Under FASB ASC
820-10-05
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting
principles and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. This Statement reaffirms that fair value is the relevant measurement
attribute. The adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on the Company&#8217;s financial statements as reflected
herein. The carrying amounts of cash
 accounts payable and accrued expenses reported on the balance sheets are estimated by management

no items that required fair value measurement on a recurring basis.





Property and
Equipment
Property and
equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives of three to seven
years. Expenditures for replacements
 renewals
 and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations
as incurred. Long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment to determine if current circumstances and market conditions indicate
the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company has not recognized any impairment losses on long-lived assets related
to continuing operations. Depreciation expense was $14
271 and $16
295 for the years ended December&#160;31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.






All of the Company&#8217;s
revenue earned from continuing operations has come from management fees earned through its management services agreement with
Black Ridge Holding Company
 LLC (&#8220;BRHC&#8221;)
 which was formed as part of our debt restructuring. Our former secured
lenders are the majority owners of BRHC and we continue to have a minority interest in BRHC. The management services agreement
was cancelled by BRHC subsequent to year end as describe in Note 18 &#8211; Subsequent Events.






The Company recognizes
management fee income as services are provided.

The Company recognized
oil and gas revenues from its former interests in producing wells when production was delivered to
 and title was transferred
to
 the purchaser and to the extent the selling price is reasonably determinable. The Company used the sales method of accounting
for gas balancing of gas production and would recognize a liability if the existing proved reserves were not adequate to cover
the current imbalance situation. Oil and gas revenues are reflected as a component of discontinued operations on the statements
of operations.






The Company records
the fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation in the period in which the well is spud or the asset is acquired
and a corresponding increase in the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset. The liability is accreted to its present
value each period
 and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. If the liability is settled
for an amount other than the recorded amount
 a gain or loss is recognized. The capitalized cost and asset retirement obligation
as of December 31
 2015 and the expense related to accretion of the discount on the asset retirement liability are reflected as
component of discontinued operations on the balance sheet and statement of operations.






The Company followed
the full cost method of accounting for oil and gas operations whereby all costs related to the exploration and development of
oil and natural gas properties are initially capitalized into a single cost center (&#34;full cost pool&#34;). Such costs include
land acquisition costs
 geological and geophysical expenses
 carrying charges on non-producing properties
 costs of drilling directly
related to acquisition
 and exploration activities. Internal costs that are capitalized are directly attributable to acquisition
exploration and development activities and do not include costs related to the production
 general corporate overhead or similar
activities. Costs associated with production and general corporate activities were expensed in the period incurred. Capitalized
costs are summarized as follows for the years ended December&#160;31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively:



    
Years Ended December
    31


    
    
    

Capitalized Certain Payroll
    and Other Internal Costs
    
    

    
7
219
362
075

    
7
219
362
075


Proceeds from
property sales were credited to the full cost pool
 with no gain or loss recognized
 unless such a sale significantly altered
the relationship between capitalized costs and the proved reserves attributable to these costs. A significant alteration would
typically involve a sale of 20% or more of the proved reserves related to a single full cost pool. During the year ended December&#160;31
2016
 the Company sold approximately 14 net leasehold acres of oil and gas properties for proceeds of $94
268. During the year
ended December&#160;31
&#160;2015
 the Company sold approximately 14&#160;net acres and rights to individual well bores for total
proceeds of $127
348. The Company assesses all items classified as unevaluated property on a quarterly basis for possible impairment
or reduction in value. The assessment includes consideration of the following factors
 among others: intent to drill; remaining
lease term; geological and geophysical evaluations; drilling results and activity; the assignment of proved reserves; and the
economic viability of development if proved reserves are assigned. During any period in which these factors indicate an impairment
the cumulative drilling costs incurred to date for such property and all or a portion of the associated leasehold costs are transferred
to the full cost pool and are then subject to amortization.

Capitalized costs
associated with impaired properties and properties having proved reserves
 estimated future development costs
 and asset retirement
costs under FASB ASC 410-20-25 are depleted and amortized on the unit-of-production method based on the estimated gross proved
reserves as determined by independent petroleum engineers. The costs of unproved properties are withheld from the depletion base
until such time as they are either developed or abandoned.

Capitalized costs
of oil and natural gas properties (net of related deferred income taxes) may not exceed an amount equal to the present value
discounted at 10% per annum
 of the estimated future net cash flows from proved oil and gas reserves plus the cost of unproved
properties (adjusted for related income tax effects). Should capitalized costs exceed this ceiling
 impairment is recognized.
The present value of estimated future net cash flows is computed by applying the arithmetic average first day price of oil and
natural gas for the preceding twelve months to estimated future production of proved oil and gas reserves as of the end of the
period
 less estimated future expenditures to be incurred in developing and producing the proved reserves and assuming continuation
of existing economic conditions. Such present value of proved reserves' future net cash flows excludes future cash outflows associated
with settling asset retirement obligations. Should this comparison indicate an excess carrying value
 the excess is charged to
earnings as an impairment expense.

As
a result of currently prevailing low commodity prices and their effect on the proved reserve values of properties throughout 2015
and 2016
 we recorded non-cash ceiling test impairments of $5
219
000 and $71
272
000 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and
2015
The
impairment charges are reflected as component of discontinued operations on the statement of operations.





Basic and
Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per Share
Basic earnings
(loss) per share (&#8220;EPS&#8221;) are computed by dividing net income (the numerator) by the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding for the period (the denominator). Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number
of common shares and potential common shares outstanding (if dilutive) during each period. Potential common shares include stock
options
 warrants and restricted stock. The number of potential common shares outstanding relating to stock options
 warrants
and restricted stock is computed using the treasury stock method.

The reconciliation
of the denominators used to calculate basic EPS and diluted EPS for the years ended December&#160;31
&#160;2016 and 2015 are as
follows:



    
Years Ended December
    31


    
    
    

Weighted
    average common shares outstanding &#8211; basic
47
979
990
47
979
990

Plus: Potentially dilutive
    common shares:
    
    

    
    
    

Weighted
    average common shares outstanding &#8211; diluted
49
979
990
49
979
990


For 2016 and
2015
 potential dilutive securities had an anti-dilutive effect and were not included in the calculation of diluted net
loss per common share. Stock options and warrants excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS because their effect
was anti-dilutive were 10
957
000 and 15
603
375 as of December&#160;31
&#160;2016 and 2015
 respectively.





Stock-Based
Compensation
Under FASB ASC
718-10-30-2
 all share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 are to be recognized in the income
statement based on their fair values. Pro forma disclosure is no longer an alternative. Amortization of the fair values of stock
options issued for services and compensation totaled $626
602 and $623
700 for the years ended December&#160;31
 2016 and 2015
respectively. The fair values of stock options were determined using the Black-Scholes options pricing model and an effective
term of 6 to 6.5 years based on the weighted average of the vesting periods and the stated term of the option grants and the discount
rate on 5 to 7 year U.S. Treasury securities at the grant date and are being amortized over the related implied service term
or vesting period.






In accordance
with ASC 740
 &#8220;Income Taxes&#8221; (&#8220;ASC 740&#8221;)
 the Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax
position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be capable of withstanding examination by the taxing authorities
based on the technical merits of the position. These standards prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for
the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. These standards
also provide guidance on de-recognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure
 and
transition.

Various taxing
authorities can periodically audit the Company&#8217;s income tax returns. These audits include questions regarding the Company&#8217;s
tax filing positions
 including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income to various tax jurisdictions.
In evaluating the exposures connected with these various tax filing positions
 including state and local taxes
 the Company records
allowances for probable exposures. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter
 for which an allowance has been established
is audited and fully resolved. The Company has not yet undergone an examination by any taxing authorities.

The assessment
of the Company&#8217;s tax position relies on the judgment of management to estimate the exposures associated with the Company&#8217;s
various filing positions.





Recent Accounting
Pronouncements
From
time to time
 new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#34;FASB&#34;) that are
adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date. If not discussed
 management believes that the impact of recently issued
standards
 which are not yet effective
 will not have a material impact on the Company's financial statements upon adoption.

In December 2016
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-20

 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
This guidance updates narrow aspects of the guidance issued in Update 2014-09. This amendment is effective for periods after December
15
 2017
 with early adoption permitted. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of this ASU on our financial statements.

In August
 2016
the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-15

Cash Receipts and Cash Payments 
entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities
the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning
after December 15
 2019. Early adoption is permitted
 including adoption in an interim period. If an entity early adopts the amendments
in an interim period
 any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period.
An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. The Company is currently evaluating
the method of adoption and impact this standard will have on its financial statements and related disclosures.

In March
 2016
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09

Accounting. 
 the amendments are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016
and interim periods within those annual periods. For all other entities
 the amendments are effective for annual periods beginning
after December 15
 2017
 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted
for any entity in any interim or annual period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period
 any adjustments
should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. An entity that elects early adoption
must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. The Company is currently evaluating the method of adoption and impact this
standard will have on its financial statements and related disclosures.

In March
 2016
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-06
&#160;(a
consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force). For public business entities
 the amendments are effective for financial statements
issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. For entities other than
public business entities
 the amendments are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December
15
 2017
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted
 including adoption
in an interim period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period
 any adjustments should be reflected as of
the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. The Company is currently evaluating the method of adoption
and impact this standard will have on its financial statements and related disclosures.

In March
 2016
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-05

Accounting Relationships
 the amendments
are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within those
fiscal years. For all other entities
 the amendments are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning
after December 15
 2017
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018. Early adoption is permitted
including adoption in an interim period. The Company is currently evaluating the method of adoption and impact this standard will
have on its financial statements and related disclosures.
































































Disclosure of accounting policy for determining amounts to accrue and charge against earnings so as to satisfy legal obligations associated with the retirement (through sale
 abandonment
 recycling
 or disposal in some other manner) of a tangible long-lived asset that result from the acquisition
 construction
 or development and (or) the normal operation of a long-lived asset. This accounting policy disclosure excludes obligations arising 1) in connection with leased property
 whether imposed by a lease agreement or by a party other than the lessor
 that meet the definition of either minimum lease payments or contingent rentals; 2) solely from a plan to sell or otherwise dispose of a long-lived asset and 3) from certain environmental remediation liabilities.




























The entire disclosure for the basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy related to debt. Includes
 but is not limited to
 debt issuance costs
 the effects of refinancings
 method of amortizing debt issuance costs and original issue discount
 and classifications of debt.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for environmental remediation costs that are expensed during the period that resulted from improper or other than normal operation of a long-lived asset. This accounting policy may address (1) whether the obligation is measured on a discounted basis
 (2) the event
 situation
 or set of circumstances that generally triggers recognition of loss contingencies arising from the entity's environmental remediation-related obligations
 and (3) the timing of recognition of any recoveries. This accounting policy does not address: (1) accounting for pollution control costs of current operations or for costs of future site restoration or closure that are required upon the cessation of operations or sale of facilities (2) environmental remediation actions that are undertaken at the sole discretion of management and that are not induced by the threat
 by governments or other parties
 of litigation or of assertion of a claim or an assessment (3) recognition of liabilities of insurance companies for unpaid claims or (4) asset impairment issues.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for its research and development and computer software activities including the accounting treatment for costs incurred for (1) research and development activities
 (2) development of computer software for internal use
 (3) computer software to be sold
 leased or otherwise marketed as a separate product or as part of a product or process and (4) in-process research and development acquired in a purchase business combination.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured
 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
Years Ended December
    31


    
    
    

Capitalized Certain Payroll
    and Other Internal Costs
    
    

    
7
219
362
075

    
7
219
362
075







    
Years Ended December
    31


    
    
    

Weighted
    average common shares outstanding &#8211; basic
47
979
990
47
979
990

Plus: Potentially dilutive
    common shares:
    
    

    
    
    

Weighted
    average common shares outstanding &#8211; diluted
49
979
990
49
979
990

































































Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016






Loss from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes

The
income and expense for the associated with the operating activities (through June 21
 2016
 the date of the BRHC transaction)
contributed in the BRHC Transaction are reflected as &#8220;Loss from discontinued items
 net of income taxes&#8221; on our condensed
statement of operations for all periods presented herein. The items included in &#8220;Loss from discontinued operations
 net
of income taxes&#8221; are as follows:



    
    

    
Ended December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
539
613
15
104
629

    
1
043
026
11
477
653

    
(4
288
736
(6
425
345

    
2
293
903
20
156
937

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
400
639
3
767
444

    
568
028
1
574
110

    
476
461
421
189

    
3
114
347
9
278
108

    
5
219
000
71
272
000

Accretion of discount on
    asset retirement obligations
16
258
32
574

    
10
794
733
86
345
425

    
    
    

    
(8
500
830
(66
188
488

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(1
696
544
(8
136
248

    
(1
696
544
(8
136
248

    
    
    

    
(10
197
374
(74
324
736

    
    
    

    
    
6
593
040

    
    
    

    
(10
197
374
(67
731
696


Assets
and liabilities reclassified as assets and liabilities from discontinued operations as of December 31
 2015 consisted of the following:



    
December 31


    
    

    
    

    
    

Assets from discontinued operations
 current
    

    
1
154
400

    
5
038
146

Total assets from discontinued
    operations
 current
6
192
546

    
    

Assets from discontinued operations
 long term
    

Oil and natural gas properties
 full cost method
    of accounting
    

    
131
168
906

    
10
394

Total oil and natural gas properties
 full cost
    method of accounting
131
179
300

Less
 accumulated depletion
    and allowance for impairment
(99
371
070

Total assets from discontinued
    operations
 long term
31
808
230

    
    

    
38
000
776

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Liabilities from discontinued operations
 current
    

    
7
882
737

    
56
541

Current portion of revolving
    credit facility and long term debt
60
350
629

Total liabilities from discontinued
    operations
 current
68
289
907

    
    

Liabilities from discontinued operations
 long term
    

    
368
089

Total liabilities from discontinued
    operations
 long term
368
089

    
    

    
68
657
996






































Tabular disclosure of costs incurred for restructuring including
 but not limited to
 exit and disposal activities
 remediation
 implementation
 integration
 asset impairment
 and charges against earnings from the write-down of assets.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets Disclosure [Abstract]







    
December 31

December 31


    
    
    

    
43
324
8
611

    
11
844
10
424

    
31
724
18
065

    
86
892
37
100




































Tabular disclosure of the amounts paid in advance for capitalized costs that will be expensed with the passage of time or the occurrence of a triggering event
 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer; the aggregate carrying amount of current assets
 not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet; and other deferred costs.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
December 31

December 31


    
    
    

    
140
547
139
004

    
(112
128
(97
857

Total property and equipment
 net
28
419
41
147




Depreciation
 depletion
 and amortization expense



    
    

    
December 31


    
    
    

Depletion of costs for evaluated oil and gas properties
    
3
114
347
9
278
108

Depreciation and amortization of other property
    and equipment
14
271
16
295

Total depreciation
    amortization and depletion
3
128
618
9
294
403

Presented
as a component of loss from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes.



































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
June 21
 2016
December 31
 2015

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    







    
Years Ended December
    31


    
    
    

Purchases of
    oil and natural gas properties and development costs for cash
4
858
134
20
714
004

Purchase of oil and natural
    gas properties accrued at period end (prior to disposition)
3
155
016
6
899
503

Purchase of oil and natural
    gas properties accrued at the beginning of period
(6
899
503
(9
364
796

Capitalized
    asset retirement obligations
4
737
48
711

Total
    purchase and development costs
 oil and natural gas properties
1
118
384
18
297
422








Tabular disclosure of aggregate capitalized costs relating to an enterprise's oil and gas producing activities and the aggregate related accumulated depreciation
 depletion
 amortization
 and valuation allowances.
























































Tabular disclosure of productive wells
 if oil and gas operations are material to the entity and its subsidiaries' business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
Years ended December
    31


    
    
    

    
368
089
286
804

Liabilities incurred for
    new wells placed in production
4
737
48
711

Accretion of discount on
    asset retirement obligations
16
258
32
574

Liability
    relieved in debt restructuring
(389
084
    

    
    
368
089














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
    

    
December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
922
872
10
325
126

    
120
154
1
152
527

Realized gain on derivatives
    net
1
043
026
11
477
653

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(4
157
491
(5
669
678

    
(131
245
(755
667

Gain (loss) on the mark-to-market
    of derivatives
 net
(4
288
736
(6
425
345








    
December 31
 2016
December 31
 2015

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
1
154
417
    
1
154
400




    
December 31
 2016
December 31
 2015

    
 amounts


    liabilities
    
    offset
    sheet
    
    liabilities
    sheet
 amounts


    liabilities
    
    offset
    sheet
    



    sheet

    
    
    
    
    
    
    








    
December 31


    
    
    

    
    
1
154
400

    
    
    

Net amount of assets on
    the balance sheet
    
1
154
400

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Net amounts of liabilities
    on the balance sheet
    
    

Total derivative assets
    net
    
1
154
400

































































Tabular disclosure of derivative and other financial assets that are subject to offsetting
 including master netting arrangements.




























Tabular disclosure of the location and amount of derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated as hedging instruments reported before netting adjustments
 and the amount of gain (loss) on derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated and qualified as hedging instruments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016










    
Fair Value Measurements
    at December 31
 2016

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
66
269
    
    

Derivative Instruments (crude oil swaps and
    collars)
    
    
    

    
66
269
    
    

    
    
    
    

Revolving credit facilities and long term debt
    net of discounts
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
66
269
    
    




    
Fair Value Measurements
    at December 31
 2015

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
228
194
    
    

Derivative Instruments (crude oil swaps and
    collars)
    
1
154
400
    

    
228
194
1
154
400
    

    
    
    
    

Revolving credit facilities and long term debt
    net of discounts
    
60
350
629
    

    
    
60
350
629
    

    
228
194
(59
196
229
    









Tabular disclosure of the inputs and valuation techniques used to measure fair value
 and a discussion of changes in valuation techniques and related inputs
 if any
 applied during the period to each separate class of assets
 liabilities
 and financial instruments classified in shareholders' equity that are measured on a recurring and/or nonrecurring basis.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016










    
December 31


    
    

Senior Revolving Credit Facility
 Cadence Bank
 N.A.
27
750
000

Subordinated Credit Agreement
 Chambers
30
000
000

PIK Interest on Subordinated Credit Agreement
    Chambers
2
600
629

    
    

    
60
350
629

    
    

Less: Unamortized debt
    discount attributable to warrants
    

Total credit facilities and long term debts
 net of discounts
60
350
629

Less: current maturities
    
(60
350
629

    
    

Long term portion of credit facilities and
    long term debts
    


(1)
Due to existing and anticipated covenant violations
 the Company&#8217;s Senior Credit
Facility and Subordinated Credit Facility were classified as current December 31
 2015 and are presented as part of current liabilities
from discontinued operations on the balance sheet.






    
Years Ended December
    31


    
    
    

    
330
740
1
293
543

    
    
426
734

    
1
373
023
4
381
278

    
    
751
019

    
    
1
645
749

Less interest capitalized to the full cost
    pool of our proved oil &#38; gas properties
(7
219
(362
075

    
1
696
544
8
136
248




































Tabular disclosure of interest income and expense
 including
 but not limited to
 interest income and expense from investments
 loans
 and securities.




























Tabular disclosure of short-term or long-term contractual arrangements with lenders
 including letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
(f))








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]






The
following table presents all options granted during the year ended December&#160;31
&#160;2016:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
K. DeCubellis
 CEO
1
204
000
    
    
    
    
    
47
925
    
    

    
J. Moe
 CFO
450
000
    
    
    
    
    
17
912
    
    

    
M. Eisele
 COO
500
000
    
    
    
    
    
19
903
    
    

    
    
300
000
    
    
    
    
    
11
942
    
    

    
    
36
000
    
    
    
    
    
1
433
    
    

    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
1
990
    
    

    
    
65
000
    
    
    
    
    
2
587
    
    

    
    
8
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
J. Lahti
 Director
300
000
    
    
    
    
    
11
942
    
    

    
B. Oehler
 Director
300
000
    
    
    
    
    
11
942
    
    

    
B. Berman
 Director
300
000
    
    
    
    
    
11
942
    
    

    
L. Berman
 Director
300
000
    
    
    
    
    
11
942
    
    

    
L. Berman
 Director
100
000
    
    
    
    
    
4
973
    
    

    
    
3
913
500
    
    
    
    
    
156
771
2
913
    



The
following table presents all options granted during the year ended December&#160;31
&#160;2015:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
K. DeCubellis
 CEO
    
200
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
28
676
5
736
1
434

    
J. Moe
 CFO
    
150
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
21
507
4
300
1
075

    
M. Eisele
 COO
    
200
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
28
676
5
736
1
434

    
    
    
150
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
21
507
4
300
1
075

    
    
    
30
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
301
    
    

    
    
    
30
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
301
    
    

    
    
    
30
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
301
    
    

    
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
434
    
    

    
J. Lahti
 Director
    
100
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
14
338
2
868
    

    
B. Oehler
 Director
    
100
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
14
338
2
868
    

    
    
    
1
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
143
379
28
676
7
169

All
options vest in equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of the grant
 are exercisable for 10 years from the
date of the grant and are being amortized over the implied service term
 or vesting period
 of the options.






    
    
    

Shares Underlying
    Options Outstanding
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
10
957
000
    
    
    
    
    
4
415
500
    
    







    
    
December 31

    
December 31


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    







    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2014
7
208
834
    

    
(153
334
    

    
(1
000
000
    

    
1
000
000
    

    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2015
7
055
500
    

    
(12
000
    

    
    
    

    
3
913
500
    

    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2016
10
957
000
    

    
    
    

Exercisable
 December 31
 2016
4
415
500
    




































Tabular disclosure of the following for fully vested share options (or share units) and share options expected to vest at the date of the latest statement of financial position: the number
 weighted-average exercise price (or conversion ratio)
 aggregate intrinsic value (except for nonpublic entities)
 and weighted-average remaining contractual term of options (or share units) outstanding.




























Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average exercise prices (or conversion ratios) for share options (or share units) that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2014
9
133
375
    

    
(585
000
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2015
8
548
375
    

    
(3
548
375
    

    
(5
000
000
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2016
    
    

    
    
    

Exercisable
 December 31
 2016
    
    

    
    
    








Tabular disclosure of warrants or rights issued. Warrants and rights outstanding are derivative securities that give the holder the right to purchase securities (usually equity) from the issuer at a specific price within a certain time frame. Warrants are often included in a new debt issue to entice investors by a higher return potential. The main difference between warrants and call options is that warrants are issued and guaranteed by the company
 whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also
 the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years
 while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months. Disclose the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable
 and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016









    
December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

Deferred tax provision (benefit)
 as part of
    discontinued operations
    
(6
593
040

    
    
    

    
    
(6
593
040







    
December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    







    
December 31


    
    
    

Deferred
    tax assets:
    
    

Federal and
    state net operating loss carryovers
9
025
553
9
294
824

    
2
715
486
2
531
641

Ceiling test impairment
    intangible drilling costs and other exploration costs capitalized for financial reporting purposes
    
12
186
927

    
    
    

    
51
258
52
415

Asset
    retirement obligation
    
144
005

Total
    deferred tax assets
11
792
297
24
209
812

    
    
    

Deferred
    tax liabilities:
    
    

Ceiling test impairment
    intangible drilling costs and other exploration costs capitalized for financial reporting purposes
    
    

    
    
(451
628

Property
    and equipment
(3
731
(7
006

Total
    deferred liabilities
(3
731
(458
634

    
    
    

Net deferred tax assets
    (liabilities)
11
788
566
23
751
178

Less:
    valuation allowance
(11
788
566
(23
751
178

Deferred
    tax assets (liabilities)
    
    




































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015




219


075


























219


075







The sum of the capitalized costs incurred during the period of unproved properties excluded from amortization including acquisition costs
 exploration costs
 development costs
 and production costs.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











979
990


979
990












979
990


979
990
































































The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











































000














019





660







268


348












219
000


272
000





957
000


603
375





602


700












271


295












































































































Amount before accumulated amortization of capitalized costs for computer software
 including but not limited to
 acquired and internally developed computer software.




























Amount of short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
















































































































































The cash outflow paid to third parties in connection with debt origination
 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.




























The cash inflow to dispose of long-lived
 physical assets and mineral interests in oil and gas properties used for normal oil and gas operations.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











219
000


272
000












197
374)


731
696)










Loss from discontinued items
 net of income taxes








539
613


104
629





043
026


477
653





288
736)


425
345)





293
903


156
937












400
639


767
444





028


574
110





461


189





114
347


278
108





219
000


272
000





258


574





794
733


345
425





500
830)


188
488)












696
544)


136
248)





696
544)


136
248)





197
374)


324
736)







593
040





197
374)


731
696)







Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Operating Expense
 accretion of discount on asset retirement obligations




























Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Loss on mark-to-market of derivatives




























Amount of depletion of oil and gas properties attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Revenue
 Gain on settled derivatives




























Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Revenue Oil and Gas Sales




























Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Operating Expenses [Abstract]




























Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Operating Expense
 Production expenses




























Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Operating Expense
 production taxes




























Amount before tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Amount of tax expense (benefit) related to a discontinued operation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tax expense (benefit) related to income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 tax expense (benefit) related to gain (loss) on disposal
 tax expense (benefit) related to gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and tax expense (benefit) related to adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Amount of general and administrative expense attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of interest expense attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of operating expense attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of operating income (loss) attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of other expense attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of revenue attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.





















































































Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Assets from discontinued operations
 current













Total assets from discontinued operations
 current



192
546



Assets from discontinued operations
 long term






Total assets from discontinued operations
 long term



808
230



Liabilities from discontinued operations
 current






Total liabilities from discontinued operations
 current



289
907



Liabilities from discontinued operations
 long term






Total liabilities from discontinued operations
 long term



089










Assets from discontinued operations
 current










154
400







038
146



Total assets from discontinued operations
 current



192
546



Assets from discontinued operations
 long term










168
906







394



Total oil and natural gas properties
 full cost method of accounting



179
300



Less
 accumulated depletion and allowance for impairment



371
070)



Total assets from discontinued operations
 long term



808
230







000
776



Liabilities from discontinued operations
 current










882
737







541







350
629



Total liabilities from discontinued operations
 current



289
907



Liabilities from discontinued operations
 long term










089



Total liabilities from discontinued operations
 long term



089







657
996







Liabilities from discontinued operations
 current portion of revolving credit facility and long term debt




























Assets from discontinued operations
 accumulated depletion and allowance for impairment

























































Assets from discontinued operations
 long term
 total oil and natural gas properties
 full cost method of accounting

























































The carrying amount of a liability for an asset retirement obligation. An asset retirement obligation is a legal obligation associated with the disposal or retirement of a tangible long-lived asset that results from the acquisition
 construction or development
 or the normal operations of a long-lived asset
 except for certain obligations of lessees.

























































Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

















































































































Amount classified as accounts
 notes and loans receivable attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.






















































































Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount classified as liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount classified as liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of beyond one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015




621
150














621
150
















For a debtor
 the aggregate gain (loss) recognized on the restructuring of payables arises from the difference between the book value of the debt before the restructuring and the fair value of the payments on the debt after restructuring is complete.




























The parent entity's interest in net assets of the subsidiary
 expressed as a percentage.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets Disclosure [Abstract]








324


611





844


424





724


065





892


100



































Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for other costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for insurance that provides economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Cumulative employer's contributions in excess of net pension cost recognized
 before the adoption of the recognition provisions of FAS 158. Under FAS 158
 prepaid pension costs are no longer recognized in the statement of financial position. Note that there is a separate concept for noncurrent assets relating to defined benefit pension and other defined benefit postretirement plans for use under the recognition provisions of FAS 158.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











183


703







Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











547


004



Less: Accumulated depreciation
 amortization
 depletion and impairments

128)


857)



Total property and equipment
 net

419


147







Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
























































Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015













114
347


278
108






271


295



Total depreciation
 amortization and depletion


128
618


294
403










































The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived
 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.




























The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











219
000


272
000













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















Productive oil wells
 gross






Productive oil wells
 net













Productive oil wells
 gross






Productive oil wells
 net













Productive oil wells
 gross






Productive oil wells
 net










The total number of producing oil wells and oil wells capable of production
 in which the entity owns a fractional working interest.




























The total number of producing oil wells and oil wells capable of production
 in which the entity owns an undivided working interest.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











858
134


714
004





155
016


899
503





899
503)


364
796)





737


711



Total purchase and development costs
 oil and gas properties

118
384


297
422







Cost incurred
 including capitalized costs and costs charged to expense
 in acquisition of oil and gas properties.

























































The capitalized costs incurred (excluded from amortization)
 as of the date of the balance sheet
 in identifying areas that may warrant examination and in examining specific areas that are considered to have prospects of containing oil and gas reserves
 including costs of drilling exploratory wells and exploratory-type stratigraphic test wells. Exploration costs may be incurred both before acquiring the related property (sometimes referred to in part as prospecting costs) and after acquiring the property. Principal types of exploration costs
 which include depreciation and applicable operating costs of support equipment and facilities and other costs of exploration activities
 are: costs of topographical
 geographical and geophysical studies
 rights of access to properties to conduct those studies
 and salaries and other expenses of geologists
 geophysical crews
 and others conducting those studies. Collectively
 these are sometimes referred to as geological and geophysical or G&amp;G costs. Exploration costs also include costs of carrying and retaining undeveloped properties
 such as delay rentals
 ad valorem taxes on properties
 legal costs for title defense
 the maintenance of land and lease records
 dry hole contributions and bottom hole contributions
 costs of drilling and equipping exploratory wells and costs of drilling exploratory-type stratigraphic test wells.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






































Oil and gas properties acquired
 cost



928












628


348





498
638







079







816

























































































































































Oil and gas properties
 net of depletion
 carried under the full cost method.




























The cash outflow for purchases of and capital improvements on property
 plant and equipment (capital expenditures)
 software
 and other intangible assets.




























The cash inflow from the sale of property
 plant and equipment (capital expenditures)
 software
 and other intangible assets.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











089


665





737


711





258


574





084)









089



























































































































Noncurrent portion of the carrying amount of a liability for an asset retirement obligation. An asset retirement obligation is a legal obligation associated with the disposal or retirement of a tangible long-lived asset that results from the acquisition
 construction or development
 or the normal operations of a long-lived asset
 except for certain obligations of lessees.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Realized gain on derivatives
 net

043
026


477
653



Gain (loss) on the mark-to-market of derivatives
 net

288
736)


425
345)










Realized gain on derivatives
 net

872


325
126



Gain (loss) on the mark-to-market of derivatives
 net

157
491)


669
678)










Realized gain on derivatives
 net

154


152
527



Gain (loss) on the mark-to-market of derivatives
 net

245)


667)








 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
(d)
(e)



























The net change in the difference between the fair value and the carrying value
 or in the comparative fair values
 of derivative instruments
 including options
 swaps
 futures
 and forward contracts
 held at each balance sheet date
 that was included in earnings for the period.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015






154
400





















154
417
































































Fair value
 after effects of master netting arrangements
 of financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset offset against the right to receive collateral. Includes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015













154
400














154
400
























Total derivative liabilities
 net



154
400







Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.




























Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled within one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.




























Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.

























































Sum as of the balance sheet date of the (a) fair values of all liabilities resulting from contracts that meet the criteria of being accounted for as derivative instruments
 and (b) the carrying amounts of the liabilities arising from financial instruments or contracts used to mitigate a specified risk (hedge)
 and which are expected to be extinguished or otherwise disposed of within a year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 net of the effects of master netting arrangements.




























Fair value of liability arising from contracts that meet the criteria of being accounted for as derivative instruments
 financial instrument or contract used to mitigate a specified risk (hedge)
 energy marketing activities (trading activities)
 expected to be settled after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Examples of energy marketing activities include
 but are not limited to
 trading of electricity
 coal
 natural gas and oil using financial instruments
 including
 but not limited to
 forward contracts
 options and swaps.
























































Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


























134
336










































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





11. Fair Value of Financial Instruments (Details) - Fair Value
 Measurements
 Recurring [Member] - USD ($)
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


















269


194












269


194










Revolving credit facilities and long term debt
 net of discounts















269


194




























154
400







154
400










Revolving credit facilities and long term debt
 net of discounts



350
629







350
629







196
229)













































Revolving credit facilities and long term debt
 net of discounts

















































































Fair value portion of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Fair value portion of debt instrument payable
 including
 but not limited to
 notes payable and loans payable.




























Fair value of liability associated with financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)



























Fair value
 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes assets elected not to be offset. Excludes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)













































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















350
629













Total credit facilities and long term debts
 net of discounts

350
629





350
629)








Senior Revolving Credit Facility
 Cadence Bank
 N.A. [Member]






750
000



Subordinated Credit Agreement
 Chambers [Member]






000
000



PIK Interest on Subordinated Credit Agreement
 Chambers [Member]






600
629




































Amount of short-term debt and current maturity of long-term debt and capital lease obligations due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount (premium).




























Represents the aggregate of total long-term debt
 including current maturities and short-term debt.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of all notes and loans payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer).


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015


Revolving Credit Facilities
 interest

696
544


136
248










Revolving Credit Facilities
 interest

740


293
543










Revolving Credit Facilities
 interest



734










Revolving Credit Facilities
 interest

373
023


381
278










Revolving Credit Facilities
 interest



019










Revolving Credit Facilities
 interest



645
749










Revolving Credit Facilities
 interest

219)


075)



















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015




696
544


136
248














645
749





















000
000







750
000



















400
000
















000
000







000
000







  2018







734


























000
000







931
369





























































































































Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.

























































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))












































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015









Preferred stock
 par value (in Dollars per share)






Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 par value (in Dollars per share)






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000




































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



























602


700














000
000







379





676


169












913
500







771







913














  2015


  2015





 CEO


 CEO







000










































676





736


434












  2015


  2015





 CFO


 CFO







000










































507





300


075












  2015


  2015





 COO


 COO







000










































676





736


434












  2015


  2015














000










































507





300


075












  2015


  2015














000










































301



















  2015


  2015














000










































301



















  2015


  2015














000










































301



















  2015


  2015














000










































434



















  2015


  2015





 Director


 Director







000










































338





868














  2015


  2015





 Director


 Director







000










































338





868














  2016







 CEO







204
000










































925





















  2016







 CFO







000










































912





















  2016







 COO







000










































903





















  2016














000










































942





















  2016














000










































433





















  2016














000










































990





















  2016














000










































587





















  2016














500































































  2016







 Director







000










































942





















  2016







 Director







000










































942





















  2016







 Director







000










































942





















  2016







 Director







000










































942





















  2016







 Director







000










































973




































































































































The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.






















































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for fully vested and expected to vest options that are exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Fair value of options vested. Excludes equity instruments other than options
 for example
 but not limited to
 share units
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock.












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Range of exercise price
 lower limit




Range of exercise price
 upper limit






957
000















415
500


























































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term of outstanding stock options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015





















































































Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015









Options Outstanding
 Beginning

055
500


208
834





000)


334)







000
000)





913
500


000
000










Options Outstanding
 Ending

957
000


055
500



Options Exercisable
 Ending

415
500












Outstanding
 Beginning


































Outstanding
 Ending






Exercisable
 Ending



























































































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.











































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











602


700












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015









Warrants outstanding
 beginning balance

548
375


133
375





548
375)


000)





000
000)



















Warrants outstanding
 ending balance



548
375

















Weighted price
 beginning balance






Weighted price
 warrants expired






Weighted price
 warrants cancelled






Weighted price
 warrants granted






Warrants outstanding
 ending balance






Weighted price
 warrants exercisable










Weighted price
 warrants exercisable

























































Number of securities into which the class of warrant or right may be converted. For example
 but not limited to
 500
000 warrants may be converted into 1
000
000 shares.

























































The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.

























































The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015
















Deferred tax provision (benefit)
 as part of discontinued operations



593
040)














593
040)




































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015








































































































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











025
553


294
824





715
486


531
641



Ceiling test impairment
 intangible drilling costs and other exploration costs capitalized for financial reporting purposes



186
927












258


415







005





792
297


209
812










Ceiling test impairment
 intangible drilling costs and other exploration costs capitalized for financial reporting purposes










628)





731)


006)





731)


634)





788
566


751
178





788
566)


751
178)








































































Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 without jurisdictional netting.





















































































Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as other.
















































































































































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.





















































































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences
 with jurisdictional netting and classified as noncurrent.

























































Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















590
835





  2036



































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.




























Expiration date of each operating loss carryforward included in operating loss carryforward
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( ).$ADH?(\\#P    !



 G&+'&^+:-HH
6KW]K1A

IT0W-7=]




)

5ZZRHMV4MJVNYOGV?

!3+UES@6QHO(];JM-O=5H1I;*$81V1@?5XL:$#05%%:;U\@M.4?
M
_@5RU2-9:
!$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

M5
+$P&IG/U9KQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?C
K:=#1M






_Y/%_GM
T+
T.W


M4E5@
5O& RN0HGQ


MOT4SMA*7&+SCYL=Q3E.X$G:V#P(RN;LYJ7IE


G'G%$0%T10(C



U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4)?.NVB8+
MA=OB5

)%K/]8UA[Y
M



0QY@%CS#*%F.-^'19H:
M


/HN6-
M^7(2LF;:=.49J59R=G2DND(D23)4L[*)UTLWMI/KI;CJJFSX3D;J6M=
_MWP
M2MQ7

?W+]J]U)TT-#E&-9\T:5HHDD/ZWB1[QXPKDE
M.

P\[KQ+:\J&\G



[B*\H&;U#W;0+;;[9I9'F=';.EFBFPW3


MA3SD8T\@!!88@Y*S$.^MULV &1BNQ2@1!'R9YX$ ,E@9S MDO+EO/  S


84$YHD$U[!L.MQ:'OB[;

N31T*G[2MIF;MNQJAJZC1=O70V@H

M='


IKTWP;+G[;+C(Q./*5W_1#

MXWGJ_S.

#IR0C4)%X9U8:B+*
/*/
AP\4 5!AQJ97@G


!8UHZEZ[[@XQT;[V@Y-BK'T7*4T*J(

3P (:&.F
$)76)T8($C@#8@E)6)+0#*A51S
M@9$I )7RPY,.D/J!V ^21!JMEK$?*DLL/NI12;*L;FI'ET8S(25983#T#




MYQ]2_NEXLX:4:V2N'TGN??#




RYX;6R-E6VOVB 8AO]*TQ]PH._6U;39=F2+3%G
MV=EG5+3-H:4#M&?_?D!KUU*B]8.\W??S7 \B9UE[[S 6#@?%:GYQBV$:-8

]
(<)49$DQY\^
MJ#OD5


M@(Y
DEVT[B
MCR3^5+&;*X+_08#,/T#X5@A?^X.1/PKL_L#J#[0_'!?A&45TDD1+:BV!+Q :
MJMTSU80EM+*$<Q9CN[:=)!IED7\[_3%P%@@G1)&5*)H3!091-$MDHCQ23!AB
M*T,\9P@-AO@IPR/%A&Q

MWK
?B%W*FCL'*N1-K._+


M='

'
M5!*]DARW;[_4H:[
&;JYB43J'_*?(?&%].)BF^_MP9@N^E&5=;N

M=G




J]%:W);?CMNN\
R5G&T-;OB7':?


6/\7FLA^=E_)*Q
M*0P/8%
 NP;0[&X GP+X[P Q)#\Z&U+]4'3%:M'82]2
JW4J^DU!G[@KYJ;O


4.O&*M1XE
MZ1^=0%W 288ZR6!-.1XOT7@)

)X52.N H@4*'2G?$86YIY2[,OF6$*%;5R%8P!,*LF?*H?



@/5
M091_J Y.5P;IJGRZ
HC-!TJH=CP0OBU$FDG)::8#YP:&4Y9!RFJ?LI-F?NQC
MVIW)% &VH/)!$N[.#SP ?X:#ED'0:A^T#.)3.

'6.T?

0U8O%&C;K;?HPC\+V(XO1FDM_9QB6F &?DN
M
KG\/
U[V/Q7-_EBW
MT:OMW#5UN$SNK.V


O


MI'O[&4-IL
](;P(VWW_\G\
A]NPBZY?F((3R7LNB:N;^0:GC0Q TFX

M'D6EG^QD769*#^M]T!QKD6V-JR* QI4&9YY2]F9NZI7LSD215Y)9YJKSF5



MO'0


M09A8VV


)O]3DHE=
SP7E?VH(^D



V$(9?Q?!]
M5IP9BI0QTLHFB!%@BV:'NMV$QLK&2YDA)OW[[4(5Y[.$PO$DORS^$_/'P:

9HTZ757HW9+DI
M06FL)3YD4T9T90)3&49\V2GK0369L B%=VA42I3+CJSHR I3CW* 3 R0
M!2E9OOZSPEHM&PRD%E
(_

_?:-\!YD=('$KL1@1K4FXH
M5




R
#$4
@ B(W
M(Q!1



M $GBD*20?K[$RE/#QUD0:O\J11


M%+$E@Y$$

M@[U''$ZBV/
-W!?3\=R/


UI/H%

&UL;5/;CIPP#/V5


MOKH.P)
W);4K:.=]?V#
51TH[NY
#QK_-
8J[M&U+7.]!5Y'D)(L39+W3'&A
M:9G'V



ME6TIFZIJI59:I6K[S-IC&X6+WB=_GT'[+A.ZA=@ACEGS@Q#/EKW[#N 0%ZT
M,KZ@70C]D3%?=:%O[$]&+QIK-

D^^LRMS





M@

M2I0VKJ3LK4
UL7@IBK^.N]!Q'\:;=#_!U@')!$AFP#[F86.BJ/P;=[S(# [$




M.


M;
8Q&PV'W?2#V/R-BW]02P
$%     @ DX2&2H%=;[ZV 0  T@
  !D   !X

O6K4VHXUS


M'(Z[$!\#_D@8[.)




88O8^8(YMGG%'PMQ9%_


5!F]WQY/
M28B/ ;]:&.SB3$(E%\278'PM










3


ME##:U9F$2BZ(+\'X4N5T%Q(!:4+L)O5W@$I8*03^/WK$F7D(&X/K^I/\7:

F/D:)RL:5E(-U



M)-*3%3VYV^:GF_PT\M-_*DP^5+B%23\$8:N6:C!-'9+2ARZ.,@K[S*O#SP^
MR3M\&O9OPC2RL^2SC]L;'^-Z
GLKOQ$]3Z_[48FH7CG?^;*8IFPR'_?R!
MV/*+B[]02P
$%     @ DX2&2FZW@!*W 0  T@


G+2*64 SL_O[-]C[5C+




=QFPPO&G''\2F

M='

ZNC


#34$?T\-Q'^)CP(N T:[.



P-CL1

$9

M^WVR3;#?)-A'@OT_!.F[$K=BWJMDJYXJ



O


OY
G'1.&8#+\QO[4ZP=:[EP!P]&

M72=(5PG22)!^(+C]5.):S/Y3$K;HJ0+;Q&ERI#2]CI.\\



M4$L#!!0    ( ).$ADJO6
#





MK/5+

M=Z[B/HPWZ16V#J 3@
Z ?020

MZ2I!&@G2#P1?/Y6X$K-//B4ABYY*


M965T

 &!!VV/2LV?4%U\20Y


M3UW3^N!@1=:+!KZ!_]Z?+5IL8:DZ!=IU1A
+=4[ODN

M8LQS




MIQVY&(\O&_M?&^








WR8]D=A*ME8

W^/(/18X!2_.9YXV[G@



96Q#LOWGKO
MI4SWMSFY!*(YYCC%T'7


$%

C$N

MA!?;
YYSYLQXG W&OK@6P)

E2TH[BY
!QIO:F
5]VC:AKG.

8PQB3+F#F(?N<(EE+<4B^P)-U^&Y5X2[=Q\4INL$Z2I!&@G2
2X_?M2LNNY

VS'46

M@JT#D@F0S(!]S


M^+*Q_[4Q'E#*Y@I'J
4/-AL2:A^.-WBVXYB-AC?=](/8_(V+5U!+ P04


RYX



W@E.SA9X@:MA?US!&7&G.[HJ^-1-JT/#E9D

M#-L&\!G %\!-S









J-)$ 0*




M4XEK
?M/2=BBIQI
':?)D@+[-D[RPCL/[!V/;_(O?)SV1V%JV5IR1N=?-O:_

MADK

MT8Z;

XBLSX!6PS

V51B[V*]*VJN/J[$Z5\K&

M:0^2S:KA%_%#F)_-7ME=

D\$8698

M:6V3?*(#&@ -)!O!'8!
RYO



M[C
@^^




 97U#,PM5W@(3R1
M2^/WPHE721^XW;^Q?PJUNUHNS

WF-V*

M)\B2&Y$8YK:39'-Q$G0;GJQ!E1K[




M#


MVP0^$_A.,8X; H4,_\DG@R@R




M1!E!6C&^V=PR+61+\S3ZSB9/L7=*MG VQ/9:_/[! J'C&[IF^-9UHT+#I:G
MG:CA&[COW=EXB\TLI=306HDM,5!E]'Y[/4A/@;\D##8Q9F$2BZ(+\'X7&9T

MJ$2OW#



M/DG9-1!-




+5M++NC\




M_N&NP(\0FA[B

&S !@0MMCXK





ME9A97JO4YK)\

M'JB[F]([PU6$


M



M(1.
41CEXDJ*WGFC)Q5

MU@S$CKWO1'CBS8EC;XK@C*V(=YB\0^\MY_M]RFY!:













S.QEML5BFEAM9*;(F!*J/WV^




M965T


!Q


MSB]-36QK@)61) 6A27)+).
*YVF







M61381('-W'^77)6XA/FBR.VBR79!@%Z9+&'65R9D=G$23!V?K$6%[E1LEUET
MZHH'&B_^'WQHJ9_
U%Q9=-+./Y]XR976#GPJR8W/I?%=/T$5Y

M6#C=CFU*IG]%_@E02P
&$I6PZ=:D6')%19\!=
MSHG%.\!+Z-:[9&MYK$JS6^E%D0VH2 0:$M S7+#1Z!

M[]_9/[G:32U7JN!1L)]MJ9LL. :HA(H.3#^+\3/


$4.'H+[C8@'\U&[$J](XB&(-B(^S/:GXM45Y!K-WP*%6+HW.OO,M\/Q!W
MA?_I\?A&Y5UVRET%=H
:R9[@!  #2 P  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS
M:&5E=',O<VAE970S-BYX;6QM4]MNW 0_17$!X1=UFF2E6TIFRAJI59:I6KR
MS-IC&P6


(H%U=2]
X;
M/:E@*EJ\CKMLXSZ
-\G51%LG\(G 9\)UC

MCKTI@C.V(MYA\@Z]YYS?[%)V#D(3YC!B^ *SG1$



RQ/E1R1FNZ^9^X7
M;T[4WDWAG/XJ_)E-7EOO+:?')4W1S1CSA.&KC;!4$L^R)!0Q)G^A!.P^%Q
M





$%
NC4GXIQBJ5:\AJ)
MG@


 !-%$2L:?F=-=2NK$]?S*_MEX5UY.6,!D=_M63:Y

B+

M.
[\US1[0C G!$NG[R;$,X)X6M9
Q/RHS53UCB(N-L=/AT6#W6=\+?A6HS


03LF&
:J:E]Q[QN.^&<F%3OT;R:BC$)2J7WH':Z
M47UT61HI)ZF:LZG;C(M).OG1HF6;EW\ U!+ P04     3A(9*E;M/P4

Z9
\9
W#/^
0UA4;4K+$X%(G]Y.X.D<8;P&L-O9CM+=W)B;$W'?S($]O1AH! )K45LL9


M$OR1X'\2 M/\X
RT^@U+G


MJD!@!(*9P-9='

:1[VP6EL*;2DLO
&PO






M0
8 




M


@-)9@ )]4AFX:D7

Z]
&5SS
B.%IUJ'*DQHFLU@&HQ@?T$ 3V P*.C;O[+KVYIK
ME FKPR$*03X*#KK.2XOK_[ $PJI.1\R^4^07=\P@2@PCX59M'94X!+$9





ZZ.BYKOM'VEYEWV
UN_T*(;YM%D'(J7_P!02P
$%     @
SGDI:W:O*ZBQA[7\3
\[5#W





X)W0+K&CQQ5!\#?BL



!3BXZTX8]9$L$=%VVXR*[-*VYR&
MBK2-]O6UZOJ9M9[KWJ?L2_3O/ZMJX;'VO6'F[&4_B-K3GG51J]UYXK H50[



BYX
M;6R55VUOFS 0_BN([ROV&1N[2B*M3-
F;5*U:=MGFC@)*N 
G*;[]S
OC1)\
M).F7@




MS$
:ODW\R#=;VTY$B]DNV^B?VO[:/=9N%!V]K/)25TUNJJ#6ZWGXD=ZGK#/H
M$+]S?6A.WH

M%V-IBJ;[#9;[QIIR\.*HE-EK_\RK[GGHOP@UF.$&
!C T8#&%PW88
!&!E'/



M!*.22)@Z'0G*)4&24;@#B3J0?C)\1/5!7DW&1P@)4BDRL; *Y:+\9#C%'5

+V=*#49S.UO117/WV'_FN?WI# 4@'T&G


M9&GB







M=LH$4)D/N(7OH'X



M/;/C-.^DT4)S$Z*%$*V$

A=\\L3\LP9L[D1X




M NG[7M+WO?R5*'
FRAR5[C.Y

_V@YV)N


[3TU
M]Y_P[I 8O17\;&0B[YG*CEQ_F8&7\J]'Q@@8'!6)H'JY@8'8
P$:8S?4Z8_
M;VF

M)'J/
V?2_GKGJU2\G5(T2DO?Q[;I;#N


G1S01-FN=1$RXT
MX;WBL%608)8@#3!3A$Z*T/K)PH]C[ X@S@!B Z*[
M)5&:
FL9K.:B)PFA5
MRE:5)?@?+)&3)7*P9N641


M+GAM;'U4VXZ;

!(5EU0+%\X 
P?=)P0;'2IFB1


M'WVOA@:/1#WSZ2O







\U6CYM13_ %!+ P04     3





_GD$+OJCC_WWQG-]J;1MH#3I

0K[;X6AS]
MP!H#KFVLP

5

Z9N\$/H3F
'/;=&?G
MUDQ:9;JW-(S#!-VLT(AY'#!DAB$?$=D:$083!!D#DPNRZ8(X?OC!Q38_W.2'



IMC=[

FGB4*4[#A1P'*L&KVTF

MRAH09SO!I%?R2ZL
=^:=AN3.#HZ%O]##
W3X']-UD3K\NVQ=V&&+/M(.D_H'

(W(P%._&Z8^F7U#^

O
R<A5

-1
C/2E@ED)))D/R?D(Z$]$;PW<0A

M)I)]:IM9.J/OG;^SU6IKO1;I+LGPU3D:

#8&M]RD$60IQ( ]T\F^
MXR



M=);&#I!_YEI* S;/^
F.=FL7?U(8U
:)6RNK
/Y!
;(?-QM/OY?B+U!+ P04

MN3G5RDR0


L-B=YCSYFT7V=_EHJWDXM&


M)[Q-H(NY-Y.V=G9-9ROU[*4
4C\G%V
T:9Y&C7^C6XU%:8)9PW1##.(CX+X
MUB\
8@6(*

 D*

M


V[_

M[[!42WX)Q



M#D'0$I1N GVR(TV*'

MM2'EL32@C8W P (+)OD .'HCR+H\A2%*S^\H[PBVF(PJO9M9?Z?UI9EYY[
M'^DN8=DKU8NGUOE&

MFJDYGSKHM)!LF!^'8'FARG]02P









M-


V?&9EP


/T$^

M@]0


M=HA'AWARB/[O@$8'].Z0F.2M

M92N4]5HF85X$5TTT8G86$\\PT80(%/L4(G:%V
4K]_@V0+5&H- = 3F30
8?
MW22!W02)DR Q!



#U%Y3]02P
$%     @ DX2&



D
1A @X2\!NZS*^DSC#.L^D+OX:A

E!0=D.3
Z#)B&5TAB:2 #C?,:S'):4@Y)R0%(&$\Q @MD-39Y=
M=P^GB$U@:P&&&;X SUN&(



@2T-J:V$[9O7]L0E 1ODAOL
M

S)3Z@B7.4\XZA_<_5HOU-^$O0]7,0B^:
MWIEWJEJA5H]YY,]3=-1&@V;5:X(S37I6$\5H3=*D (8*0(K16#RHPN*Q15%
MKTF
IC$:[XIBJO#].(J\3U!*THX10FN-EKUFO@&RBW%!41DA8@L$+[=(+8:
MQ \T-+Y;Q51A&NK/[B)%25YH*')791;B@N(F15B9H$([ 9SJ\'\@8;.[U8Q
M57SYK)D+*\;B@68N[OY1;BEZ'1V?NCS_?F^[H1SI9)=129 Z-D3()R\YY4
M/96Z0L: 0GU=*;FO#](^TR=K@CT'A1Y?\!4$L#!!0    ( ).$ADIVV#=&







M7

#7
M8*)C6!FH]-$6E-KC3.SL52X;A@$SC^\!$:4P( 2SE Z3;BLJ:80(1&B-







/\']
M&H\&([JPM(





M][0$ CKGMP^X-_&OBH'3X_Q@Z/)JZ_]02P
$%     @ DX2&2N?U-U 8 P


%5M3$?B]Q)
 /06@%*#B



.7 K(J87F=M?BZP@IH202'[V
M4SBX&1'

M #%/(




!#'OPKB_6IC
B2<Q.\UJ+1

MA7!*-HZ_@V@X

MMR'O;-+1!EG]$4) /$R3N!; +I;5)OTWB;%


M=;PQ[I\;
+B&(Z(*;TA 1=G!%7G+-YX=A0% 


I?@$;\+


G+5Q$
97$4W'\79U%:N%-BU]C*4OO?

[A(0^S!A 3RED]^5:9M_J9&[Y:
M*'F)5/MO-=P=G1/[&9N7=#OG7]GW6H;/:]HQA;)V1$%S+K%X!X&=8C$LG=+

8(DL(K$- $\?GTG8E\8*+%
(^I6Q-LSC)*!UK&N!DB#-
9


M.=^

$%



+5PN[==ZN%.*FJ;/A]%\A37;/NWYI7XK(

1C


RS

!BJ_\'/O-)PHT1S;$4E


$$*)*!.13TFG2AU:M[X$1)FI$ED)!*120DCE2

L







P]$XE*_^ U!+ P04





MV]N5:#?8U@W^8/!'@Q?^UQ 
AF!FP);
E/I$)


/)GYO

Z6$DTV47=



M='

BYX;6R5G6U/W





A3*T7
D-*X
@\/FD



@T)<.HC A)A9CBE8R0DF8A.<\H%'AV)#2N#.DI'E*
MSC


X!F&!
\J9DP5&1-Y-H1F\ZQBRE1$F7#L(C\F

4A


MDO



8E.A?(A
(1F\RPQ91)1)AR[R(^)
M^5D2%V-I-I/S; @=F9]!2L_/$L

MY#R#4.39D=X,@R9-./:[G6B[L3%]Z9


 W=/
I9-H1FLJQAP#3$CIQE0V@NRQIF3$/X
MR%F&(=$S&V9
0_@(]R(I)%C6
&


L@)%G6

@H%EAT)C2O#




$F1EJ[2


H


M

MQ%MZJBFF-'Z$GVNHU0;\0$KZ^R;L6R/]-N*GC I_-:&(F=!KC?S:2)\2+7Y)
M'R'8&AJV@3Z8DAU


M^B1X@J?KU/

M54

KA D+U4!#!?J0KKI(VQ50\DTT =2FC[







Z(&41H]0.@UT34!/A^+X








!D=EQH-
M]FCW3Q)'R$S.JXE&MO\0W*SY?1T64
]
&4HH\P&1T=Q3AP/B WNS 9'4W&
M0!\T&56/%R:CDZ
8Z5-]4&YV83
Z+0@:Z5-%($S11[B
CBYCZ(G@
FKZ)/1
MP61,I5S@7 !%P6-2YS3%45%'V$R.IF
D3YD

MH^/*G['-/R0WNW 9'5W&0!]
*?H(D]'148P#YP-RLPN3T=%D#/1!DU'11YB


[;Y
MA^1F%RZCH\L8Z(
I11]A
CHZBF'@0$K31YB






M7QJ]%;QT


M1':/2/$*X339$H'++

A+/!PIG9;:YW@LW






M_Y#'&F\ +RT
8C%WM)
S8Z]Z\:-
74\+ @*%U!FP&JZ0 R$ZD9+Q-N5TYY*:
MN)Q_9'\RWI67
Q:0
_*W+663N@^N4T*%+T0^L^$[3'YBUYG
_X0K$ 772E2-




M!7'?8F

I$HB-9FF3=JDJM.V:S=Q$E3 S':2[NUG&TH3^Y#UHF#SGW
^&_/G
MS


M;




6@]*P

M*[ .%03!%0BX.+BR=4B)P@ Q-D+D%VE2#S=J'74*=IG:9 E%*$O
4 NA25

MY/L9*)J@2T-$R%;TF@B/HPDB?@('M$0/^F/N?'0*-B8TQ[N)WQ(
&R
&

JWYG<5ZV*7H0V399KA79:&X8T;UY(0?3'8^#FN^TO2W






2-X(_C1)J
Q;
M_40-+7







@






$:Q(1
MI$VJJI5:*=JJ[;
#DX#6QM1VPO;OZPO+$N+-OF![..?
F0%/WC/^+&H Z;U0
UY


M^.]P :+@VHG*43(BS-
KST(R.J@H*Q2_V+5IS=K;-^EJH+D)X4 (1\(BO4N(






M0$)$D)94JU9JI6BK;I\=

WP\JPC)_@-\D^WX\KR
M)I9#W4 K:M8Z'(X;]SE8;U.--XW&GHQVSNZDCUC[]KX<=BXOA8$%$JI&8A:


M 4'R

(%5R&/
C9 8%1(C!-9M%1@FLH1@F 4N)$&%) A!
M; G!
(DE!


Z:KIYO#-F
M_Y DW6JGZJ*[UWO5V$\VNJT+8Y?M-NGVK2K6?5!=)9F(JF+LHD7LW[OJ5W
M]


X=42J4BOC4A3V






M[G0$D


M KC

UM
R5',5SGZ@[HHW1V+/IG)!?Q1^SYK7
M-GHK,Y+E^.:()LPI8,@LYD1V++/$F1-XD0^I&=DMTZ0K'I
/$&RU#_LUPFV

\\+




ABV*S3?+&@S+:U?YVG2WA$(IDUT5#Q68#E^QZ
M5RR_Q-'U0U*F5?1IOZMV<!WAYT4(@<EA/(.?MU8T[M_?^YM.N;6=]^<?SC_

Q5


M0+/ 3TOB*XUOWA0[V
!E

#]




CK(BN\6#7J?YDO\U



M\;98KY







M
N!GNZ)LL;)71ZRA84?67VM=P+-OM7^LX3PYZF.-MT)JO#B__FOT[L.GWPX(

MT^5AI\+[7-]:I2UO';(CT8T TSO@1(C:S=^VC3K95_!#EI^V;MD! 734Z-UC

9./@/^B2^./[]OQX+]VS
M0R

M3?3F\J?W'S_BPH ! B][_^EMUZ.7']]V/W3]R]75!V*EYQ_@F^\^??Z9[):6
MF[Y+4?LDR[M#W2
VV/K QT\?SV@^'@'#M-J.I_'E&Y%2@02
_()7WS^S #




)%^^I$Q-P]EFD;OBO(+'!VH:L*W_X(1OA#
M]#;Y @HY/8;1SB1/X%;@JO(T&HHR:& %2];^+3%L,8-R2OD,W X\9C$M;
MEH): B^M\1A*6$0%KU;+

MP\)'Z/G6;1G


MQBT1#?S
%7#?98LX:'GD -?]]N^\2:JL

MB2+E%?

MWC\;]

<+'OTG^ACNW

MA+W-;72 8]3BS&9]BE=&KY@JI5-.'=^ [[@D)9AKF=[OUPDJ0RFZ;&B?P
A!



M*)G1%:@W-_P
$$JVHOT$1I*2TJ6:(VT!*XP1KKG$ TB9#L04DEO4BVP&$/UP

M0



YK7*SXM

MIGN6]3F]KW_$L_S;YD?:V]T:!F!K'XUA7
M:PUVFRSX1@6(9-[E#/7WI-_1.

'T4)3I53#B$QI;OL$%0G;)/\)TR*=-\C<X$[CNE*AT!U)B&D^G

](\(2F#;Y5J

M$!;Z[XGA\A5O[A0Q;?6;K(J4-3RU'I!=K#WYS_H=OTFS
1M
J5MG7U(
WH Z
MCZ^#91D9?0KF@(F

)R
+


27
J#SBYP
M2K
)Y.Z'(K\_P\FZ2 42@_6P4MKM!H=4M^ JY= ='.F=M8E#/8-]T.2
 #:V

U43(73H


B_;CI*3Y


;J
M% KK
;5:PEU:GYE
YSW_-I@1_ %NU



M& ]I0LRPRC;9.BF-OS3V'L+=*83%D%NW)LB:PWKS)$EEG7)UWJQV@I==;#S/

MT2NKA-F?@H%L4(
?G\7#P2(:38=Q?S8Q7.CX2G[[2G^/UB7&)26*8?$86/F@
MG06NM\J\XPZO6LSG!?9OP*
=@[:N3_;[T

MUGI[JCUGY.M1H]-V 0;A=-Z8D6DG]LFQ
^)YD!F/WH:*(WHKN*HK3$

M4)\!.;5-

?(7@3E.=0;ND@C%*\T/M
M'*]S]9I
$O%!H%CX$0-L''LP=)3D=OKQH#RR?MGJ1R=;)+M'7&?$&)]^5)T$

MTC@Q$)IW+6R.!V?S/?=S7_U*^$#(:




8+W^R
M:?LEG/X&860L_

LX)?
=-!54&22-#M

M;H_CQ:T'D+A(=[[2+J:ZJ1,-0;W0^(V+@LD[*AB+XU).F
EE8EBIG(?L/L

#25?Y

.![+:1ZV[';W(Z


KVX#CYFAIJ52R-0'F'#?
M

1!APA
ME,B,4/3*10SXD#715J8%MY(*)1H 1KWHP+Z(,/:TZH[AD72P'M/959.<E'8
M

W:()0I.J=73@F:#.:8%




M9]=+





MPRW=.SL3C
(X?9IY


 WI'7B#K
M94WH'88R5.*3DBJQ
].H1K<=^3:
M.^&9#4?]T]?112 _Z$E60R]@=2;;47'HM]<J08/T_TY*;'T]HBMZR_BR#<:
MZ.(



A?D$ $N9AU\ 5

M#D@ : #HT;0U
*EEK#']Q )LP+!9J%U.OK?%/JW--5@V@0:+J%U5.$G^BZ&_


3
FI#S
?_N



MY
(*CQS/ET*=Y!8&HM?J7UR:9-1U.'XYA=Y[!B?
/$UC04UXTEIV(1$?9?99
M]8*2.&TA'ET!JB'P3%*%UC.=U


M6SGCL/YVW''#+)OR[XN1



*4G-H-^

%BI2R0(I/
%L9D\6(U85/D9\(-6:JN0D6A(B]R;U@@'#TQ/K[
M


<A*6-;\Z&4-CUA63_DR$9-4*EJ3B/Y&7BM;%I4QQ5<G$^L+!*W



M$+TS%(ZF


)#D&M[!
'G/A=3B?
 0%VJG1SE4#


1]W09R0Q$SC@TS$E_4\108\SKFF'_^L



MG#M

T=J][D0QAUI\5SZJ.ZO@C@!.C;-J;%YHPT'5J%-0KTQ[1T6J


-H/






M.[W4PU(QA^JY(@0OF\RCT1 7:;IZ36.2^6PQAF
91?





VFYL/[\S?O/U!KT: !S'$4=UY'

6.!:*
M
Z'*DDW+/OV6

L@K=R]W



8-S+G%?1D']J.ADQ*?H6D&

.WY


9@Q:UQV2


1S$LNPB:TA#UV3E/:8&F

MGKO&XOF^]5KB=$O]E\TB8!R&&$?E8'X%F9\/+ WLGVE3DO]P:X?=**YUT8

M+ O'B8
[%:;R0^EE\92L16QA!+KD@+/^VK94Z/@N8034(*/IX\9+9@-#
-LQ
MLMS&\N[





P*VK;FEZ+@?$]8L*




MW$+]TTD_GL


M1V%L;V4\K#:W?]A'07
*\+6%VG7]C6  5)4;LB\$8?G9S0YI)N2! PI7U(





A
M-\9^RR,()IVKU('A]MM'J?/S1^L1JC:H[MGOJ?S1T)[J[L42ZL16*27GB)#\
M;13S?QS'=-#NJ.RX.<*2YH!:P!/P1](%T'%A0M;5!^@^?!;%LW&U0<]/Y5P
M\H?G8Q6W*KJ'^[+S]1(W#]TU(;H_;Z_

MGQHEZMQ2'@N.)0$E=VAY8;_GS^;V2;FP?SKFI3O@8





M19#4.APCTI];P\D89C6+QXL!%TM
XNET$4]G6
W17
H)IHH/L4HH.IE-\%E
NI,&W?A@)%$]X
M< :;9X+1+&KKH']ZYD=R@:'N=Y'WK:[1&^1SS

MJ

+U*765:BDI7_69G6)SH1'=53\
OBIA= 4?
MN?


M5KE'3:L3I?Z^YM+5%J\J1
NF-:HR!@

MJ_CHZXT5.3W VTP]W'8SV#'0CFW#);H/5!RVVNY]/8PA1]88M+7 0VW$(=@I
H)_


8G/C:C95@NYGB2]NY[



CW3+&6I[+
.I#

MO)HI.K!IJ9;6YHQ8A)1:.#_*4O(@/1/_*VXCZSO@:\!+-E/I:P2V9/4EM[

MAC#=9
QJ\ /61(#:@--@I3(H\_;RRBS^YRPO3W4FS8R3[C:B\GG/ULQULX
M


MS
'OL%$%%WCX
 -L#P.%W?W',+%'=XEVO2^V80M3.*L#N#GFC7PQVTY-T'




MWXB[Z0D
#G7^ R



MQ.WH;7KFY$.!E53$AFQ65


 M(#QX)


M9.#B


_9:TW


NV?
MR5&_UW_.FCQPH*;3I+P)+.5C59*X/J





M&+/M*7!%NTE2[[R*2R;NDOT:A/.[?8F:$]ISHH
U(HZ8U Z6K&DVG[99*ZH9

()ABD21W5UE?X.V#]\



!!<HL2Y*RB GHCN2?UJH;70KZU (,=_X+C,#P5
MVI0X(#E9I'.NF+8]Z_Z(?LV*M=C9M< $@EY:#.8LA//J%F)VPUA.MA!])X.U
MATTC&7\DU4]E&0?M\;8/]Z)SZ]]#P&#BO'M\C:NC@Y/1C=3M^PQJ-52IWFP
ML=].P!?P$JV3'-M-4VL:.)ID2X#-\(&*G7UBRO(:)!VJX7F^M:DJBJ;%&6'W



0:H2

M_CY+'=PO28^R5T(%):6R\QB,:&_F31#/C18'QN]N/DN&6LN)542@!)K==4






@78M(RC3DY2K$6JP'\W*H4@(?T1UI!SWQC9Z*D#A


W3UY$0K'&BC)!#=$$84J2'L2C
M&4+4C:)Q/)ICH[)Y8U Z*GNS.95:/S*;#.+^8-%X1X1/[6FK#Y((\7Q%'H1Z
M'???$.Z_ @*FCUZ)/XIV6Q_K+=@.)EAZS6$MAM-AW%_-@$1A/LU76G;VZK
M/!A-X^%XWH31&?6B:[1@'HHUVDA_H=Z2S9;$_-L#E:['#')52F]K0T\WD$V&
-G;*M=:9;@
?D%ES+^FK*E0E]:SZR6F


?

MZ5

MGW2\$5R?$9]A-)B OC ;H/F




M

M/



[R
DDE8/\A/
'A@J##*
(@1L4_WY3&E5C'F6C

M







L\GC#A
MXZ0G+9


']WAHY[Y%#9DQDX1W
AK-N['.E5Z)P9+M'2/





(5@%
=K0&=*G*=#_8IH?CI3YMJD[



CR/*T0

M=*^W$[7$C&UK/%Q^9YH1*84A
M :P20UPD3 I]P$B+_;A=C#:9#LN*5I54&5

M W

C?'
M
%STP=#+#E[7?GB
&2433EXV;4=/O55GBV&

X5=FH*#];VRC\E
M]_!X




I*'^FN27]@[:_7Y'^F[G]\NSSE




M.)D;@:0!@?AR6(QKZG-M^$ L0W:TZ3MKN#YFG-ZL8-$


G5H%83+0WL)Z4XD'?[:FZPXT$8D\)S0!
MU\(R;.J( 14^5;5N;OF/3#.\PY%--9U-[G*G!IF:%N;RZ]M38\;#QRJ%7EN
M

$S
R
&@.
ME_6BI7,:'H?%(#AX$'RXH&:9VY0[8^,L\?Q<^D=4Z6MV<PC5G*'T^;*W8./-
MZH F];XF%P(1]OX]]C5A(7AY ?^,;BYC6GHL7,_4UC(8(217Z4QWUYO/O







5=;KEOWH44V/*U ^*J?-Y+BOD7




M%[G*NT97UNR9J5#L#6=#6U4./?64I5:74P0RD8^:+

0O1Z[




M/?.^.IR*!Z*&'Q \D+8
(M


M'$0[TGKM.Q\

[IXX2SWS&X3IG

V6U;/?

BJ9T:GT15
X2S;@6U47/2G' G.)WTGCUX
MY9YV_;5T!R(TU))%C@1/#FV6\0\DHIXS'C WG_W6*W%^[D'KH/JA#Z*PEXA


MNLFSR:



*)

ED..UULE &JCCE
_82-;(@CF[S00% %AN

0J/R&NZ.G!@:[#^:;M0!N3I8[*6/CK 0W%_;93#
MDX
8TD?5-$^T(2)Z9;-2'G3&A]/



M

A


LD
I#&=5.X[%^8ZO&.#1PZR+CZ;R7GGK^


?S6X1ZAA(9H/+W5+;:UORP@NV<%<6=%1-D/(!U5(.EYO2E
M3


M2

RVSOI.Q<F?)[KAUNT1Q(/*U'ZD47?J?\D<.B#W5?X3PQII



M


M?E=7W#/




N)V7[9[*6=7*VD6!FY-F2@@R26LO7\

M]?[YD'QM

R


SJ-.NF5BH V'B51FE&8E:


MG)1[O)+KP59+M[L%*DM\3&.4SI]5).*=%)(D0FOA\5T36Y;^E/EY70;=XUQ.



?](GSFZLA()ZQ9?6Q)

&'K'G.

M

YIEV-P-SB/+[*Z\VWU=Y\J#
*[CO6]BLBO_950-VK%18^9L/4
<?(A8U+ZS%J9^DRY&E=JL1XXN<XY*HGN@J=1IQ5YG

+N2 I83AA+NA&+VCL\4UR
MQAGR+
H&_RI812TP5MB?Q



MXA48RS%MB;68!D\^
G?L
 GKR? Z=) 







YOXD[H_@]
;_J[RK^XWCQN'/G;]B


FH=J +$/EI*ZB/5U81\WV%W8G*HBK




Q51DX*DS4A-F

V4MTP^
M_Y:C^)V:B$36

M?\@0IP*-G#0KTX3&1-7)9#.HE9E/V22=2M/5L'C+OLT;L8S+;M3I57)
R]H
MZD_6@(!65;FNH.0&2VZHG8.X*Q

M':+^C%L?W*Z&JA5K6[?AWDQ4$YG?A#IK




@(K.\MQ$*!*W)--S&







GE=GPI+RRX;[$ZUA.B4$W0W
& QB


M$F:AP-)P(P7%+*]R^;=6?QME'\Q
E@ 2G_X@[T%3Z#=S^6\G;#@UYX \-=#[

M



/=B'S&6
E%LAF1S)TH$'#2K?_
















D&D5/B:GY 5



L']Q.G81[2'^Q



%PSCQ\.3
MX-]_Z$H9R$Q$@D.%;1'_7SGI
Q;@S?55
8P3C[071XL7$YQSX2U$)U?&-;KJ


S^[WMGE@VEE$A '/MV$7--$Y.V

M

M V


IM:=(F=9%=&Y$
^._P83F61'

MQH)^$9HE7+5GN[U
 B%'9LZ_KU



M3W@@RL



@;^)H)8!





=5:PJ)#1C;Y

   -



M5ZKXX#AEG&.&RC-18*XSJ9 



M


MTV*A=9DF+;_=CEJI


TET0]@SXP[8NZE7@?-!

G_2;Q]4%9=\%ER96R6^$
WM)874_Z<)*8^;L<


%

Y2'*7.PA3TG)'(@M)[G('8M(%

M^5H0TQ(C0@Z*N!UT-(Y?I4N]_;A(^2@Z.7W/:G?$C?1XJ0@R)N!QW W-1J

$%     @




M9M\-EZ:






MU#\1;EJ1GWX#4$L#!!0    ( ).$ADIMVM







M.8JL D56@2*K0)%5H
@J4&05*+(*%%D%BJP15:!(JM$D56BRI19)4HLDH4

4
M     3A(9*'R// \     3 @  P              @ $     7W)E;',O
M+G)E;'-02P$% 
4     3A(9*9O










M2KV^1_*R 0  T@

O


4


  !D
M             ( !ZB


YX;6Q02P$
M% 



3(N

  !D              ( !




M&0              @ %E



M 0  T@


X 0  T@,  !D
M         ( !#L  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='



4     3A(9*-\A4
M/

M=#(V+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( ).$ADH1P9)ZN0$  -$#   9


MDX2&2JQHJSFX 0  T@

M='




X
M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( ).$ADJ4)NT_!0(  (



O

YX;6Q02P$% 
4     3A(9*T@3[;M8#   O$   &0

M   ( ).$ADHG(;X64@
  -
.   9                2=G  !X;]W;W)K

@4


RYX;6Q0
M2P$% ,4     3A(9*\KX?5    !Z!0  &0              @ ';;





4     3A(9*.555
E(  M

M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( ).$ADJ$:RZ2 (   0'   9                ;)\

4     3A(9*_\5K0FX  )!P  &0





M:&5E='






M         ( !



@(   \'

M4$L! A0#%     @ DX2&2I0=FXKE @  6PL  !D              ( !];@


YX;6Q02P$% 
4     3A(9*BW#O


M    1F^  !X;]S:&%R9613=')I;F=S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( ).$ADK1
M6S6.6 (  &8
   -                6-$ 0!X;]S='EL97







MT7F%/X^)G[:





%A[_@\;\V_O;G]+7DAG



M6MY*!1CD



MH GN$N?*\P/_--!S168L( [[-[7%J&XGO[LS[CU2^S/W@+L!H_Z[[Y83VM1&



LI0U+:D


DPX57AL=LCE:U9&_9AWIX&2


A*M+K3@




M@8)4DR%U-'X(!:.&P:AF*U7AH;EXJ
-Z57AH+A[JMFKO*-;!H/8[PEWFWI_(
AH+%<%G-J!4[.MJA#0) 3489TJ!#0) 76<IJER



M&_'C\HFG :MX-)\=6 8N71O-48&5M\_I(B;@M((!2DN5U%(*2 T$4O
TT@I;



M6IAR 1.=+ XN].Z%WJD-!CL?RT4#V//QJ]Z_Z.C'RZ1H +6=7?+0IK?

MXR6TS*)?GLCL-!20J(&87%R7/8!:

Y.W.BL^*WFK

J1QD#X0EWF

WN4T5D@:JH:] 9CCUN
Y? W%48






EZ^&YR'JH9#TZ%UF/

Y

M(0T_+BL+EW-9%.HZ3CDQN*@3&067$G!1ASH*+B7@HLZ%%%Q*P$4=+2G E *



PS-Q8_%/\UU@
M:RO:__) ./57=A$Q03RT=1] W^<5_=CL$?VS%M\]U


WA+.J;
:
M&&' 7X_'SM;M?^;

[/$O?



M[.A/GFN%8-2XP;8$=OI#?3CZ^569OJJBKU^

MEZ[]3VK?4_\#(V.

\J1
MT^^^6TYH4QMINY1:3
ZIYV^J8^R

M:?T=







UGKBK?5\C:3W*U86S%KTR1HQ=IJ69LF

MV/TPMJ
8NQ_&=A5C]\/8GF+L?AC;)XJS^^'L0#%V/XP=*L;NA[$CQ=B]
-;4
M%6/WPUBU]=H38]76:T^
[92RMY0;IG1%GC-P;\EQ^V+@_HW[6=2P60Z\WC%
M(ZH/L\0]7?Q3 0-7#Z

M3W86[A3TH

]L




MP7NJ091Z6^_L290+ ZI


2*S C6_#;UC]HS#CV5=U?IM
3=X2[8CYL!T4.YG+*=Y^5E[[K/($]?IZIY.M#EP)?0<;]'IUMM*_.NH-

MM&/@!<6VP\/.&,;C0NQ=ZIT<^F T&(U&H&V+=;9
VN=P[##K


MW]6-;K1:W=
.!*VW!78E:$X_CC?KQ_&* )
_J!^(Z[K$\6ZB\ I?PE(THSYG
M]V7T]






M
;2^J_E ?#?NY_K9WV[6:K&


M2T*W0

MK2V%KCGH=8W



2:V^ZRM8R*
O-/E8MO


MYU=AXZ


6

M_T+Y([-@^O

MS&Q]GTU=5D%B:2



MSFZO$G8;HZ'9RQ:-WXVF_8^P-/'@ZX^[.UK@-

M3=(K8ZFW=6J9@TXW@[R2).QA!&5E
NJ:_0H'(

MZ


=S)$UG7ZQ
M'J@=XK8)5]6EL]ROZ


MLBG
<799Q+D@  ?W
MM3;V@L;ID\C;\0;MO@*/F&/\=OX^<)G_P;ZAK- OD6FLS?_9?1U\? K?)^
M\U7:2&#'342\N) =PU#B=BKI:GX(R$3@M?O+BW[:!1?/'B+HG7^1HN8'Y/T
MUB$@:B!

\ #90






M


M=)8=:Q%'YAMM2O@] [;I\US\5^@';/*\H%9UYA9F[1)#9RD38TY63F]AC?]
MM0ELJKTG0)





-_U5 X$D+TV@5V&'@
3'/OT[Q/-Z

MF'

38FOO1#NLT/[!8?_;B++ZAGENJLAO$IX:WJ4UQ4

M=^2G!%^!X/5V9Z!D?YZR5Y/^3 7?Z$G?BF0\'YZ
-6*L%T5?$KO2U1K6*7


^LR.RD?\U!+TV)PYCHR6

MA+9^
:$=56A$P73#;(;UUMOP;FO8@[U#1T6U')WH3+TU
+HM76^:[ X2TG(H
M325V6_
**J%H45')ZP(PSQ&^8IZ-NZY
DF



*R/BD8+&DZK



]/S%6CA$SM1XRF:.7Q
MF_ _M39XK;83Y=%'F#2@4I;1,HQAJS,LZ!51,4:GAX!ARQP-6EVS8)JLBB\Z
MYC@+?3$#R)RX3*-#9(Z.$R(;NP(KD5)
Q$V)


$_BW#^G(;S(7S-;JL[&K;Z
MG2'
6U;M
M\0YC,:ISM)OR7A?:J=U(-3$7_)J$A+?AT'&


M=6
:*'_$M0G3)SAQ_0D5-PE'H)Z$






MF!^%.OX=LBBT


M!S8B(&3[0


-X*:A;=H



M\SVJ3FWOM.(PX(D =(8CC):6&A7RC%K\%F&H*8KQY1\ Y'?O59;#&C
/ED
MJ9E$&5.HP

M4L1^R!BFJVR/


MOM(V)!E)+Y_^]^.[_Z?]26%UA5T&6(DW/@IM7$AU5YFC*D_O]YD;*2?!TJ

M0 L?$4F0U_





*G*PG1Q4R'
5UU/HW4Y++[K\JZ#WTT.

MV\JS?$S04P)IF$#J=_C4X%AN*@8+VJ7;UQCHPA9\T.J.]ERYYTCO.]X[^WNM








MDF*-LU@\


MFDYJ.AWC=%++Y3%)ZUB8(]W&BC'+J!$^=\48-9W4=#K&Z:26RRTEE1Y!*A@O
MSV\W/O!4S%'


@34GTT6
M$3


4E:W(*8D\U4W+G$6.QR.'F/B[$DLD)U



MQOE0X$V36$G_N*6O=+V2NM+US9+[_D[6%W1]0LMV.C\%R.'0T
R]RA8G_)WN

M@TL;UT;G7!%M08Z



\8PUIEHK.


M!\+SY[BM]X3Q/X@3TO19/WD80ZYQ2'=T\LN+]]R;8I#BA6[ _P)/?#;
BX[Q
MXM=Z.9?/KX;(]7=8]+CV_O++6^WRRY6@9VCJ%X9^T6MI$^^]HCLUY@/:]R$
MN1@F+V/H9YR!N1\\D$![\D+'UL8BS)ZW&T





OOGQ+)N=J%3_%]77[1A

^%T#

9CU;0BL-C:13EF




JDC:
XVD51!0$% 0
E%-ZI2?\8%)ZP-E#X
C/%#ZH:B
'
MZ$@5&U$40(YK$:LQDI.JZ[%:D2(G4!HY8]#*6D?*K9=!S
)?=BW!VFR23W




$'(

MX




MLK]#Z ]U3-*I9@&Y\






MX!AT0'


P2[R






1VL)C(BU


879#9S


$!DXOY _:!!KS!=.$ A$#_<'LZ2U=US40VM3C..)@U<32J ,D KVR
M\]=$69G]-*8./$
F!60_:(^%X*UTI='6]1]1%D:[
M!Q\\+G4?OO_AYNWMG<;W3D(G)J&#)+2UFY@IBF0KU3LT%?$LWQB ME90X
M!)X=ASY0YP.9P%MODE PA3DMLRJQ!3FDY;?E]PMM:)0 I?*G1% 2V&TM8P7)

$P]LPCR940$:7K'8%=D(W].&-F<<1;_'RNC@%

^B!6



MK3$R02%K/8[# (D%0WG*8*



F4  4P''_2\XV

RJ/:UY^ 2C:POTPT^QC\N7)M(DA UICJL+
M-MT638XOY&8WZP*SL R937CLR9+
7.(Q\E+0D'J.\_8%:Z]K
NVZU@4S%/
M&[0ONH!N73Q
1HB*(W2!SHQY 7U%3K
?(F^PL&-D7ZB#L@H
GX09/@L1ER@3



2JC0Z7L08P<LKJ: 53\0FPM.VAA492A=QEWMLF/$X2L(C.RY
M'2OW-(<(EXEW26.38D(5[DA&T3GUV2ACH L0P'$#G$3U#P+8ZVD?LMQ-XR6

(Z\

UF]%VHQ[X?U#C@]TD^^U

M^J-XI4%#




A1%-H
MB28#CKW)F\.^T */.HF
:\87#X[E&.?:=3V8LC06M;E]K)HN8ENE.JJ[BAJ
MT4N='$HE)RF)/R)U*9()2'\:'6FXZ^[EW]8L8X3+J'E8B$1]#*(#9YGD=




M(PS%RIJM9^$1V[$O1VOR?C\LVC*U')ZF-0KF7.^AZ$JHZNV!GC0F'9%)



MV!P)PJ&W=V]OOEY?_K_-0:29+(*$-QT





M6B&\JH6LY$*V_0(2&VIS^!4 7[60O
R!^M(
F&^!?I]1UZ?QA


)-3GN#+#7$&_1@&

M3V?14N0B2UN+-Y\1AM=Z6O
Z;VN7R5F@\RP=8R3$USC%F)ZYJ8DQ53C;TZC%


M]_



@PR@TSG$\2Z!P3(
G&IFV

6L*8

MV$NOA1CYA7XA8VF





M?0G(7O79WHR;8]%

M:P_+W.A


M0\ZLWVC1Y!TC?I(7





F0ZSE]!8!W3//C8O!
:<&#K5^[<S0<]HZ8:*XMEAHD41AVJ*J2FVP@:(
M2AS4SLZEK=$J(P$BY3TD\62!4'3]%1DK@4$=?0LW
\\0)&1X\XNT04=$X
MR:'.\(VH*0\_S'#(I8W.TP^8&[3



+A#WI;UPT









50$Y#(*NK1?W\:N?R
M2HMUFJZ\Z90%4PK/7KKV%5 $NHNZ%J-^3I6G4L69*J]F%7W)7)MB@SISS-^
MB=VSE
6U5]_Z^D UD
.
N
\:\P4]S'WTG$=J:\S5'@EG7NC#1Q O9]@]L:?


@7 Q(+NE
M


QZ *Z
*45
X;/4;C=[


M%N(*I#JAL S@N_ U*FY;(U
P\0*_K6$O0-.#W@0!9K74X#'\B&GOE%/Z


M=)$&:2VO?+W



M


M[M&RXD!*NT)67


U;QY3&9TBL);M;(2D[





W#H:

?&Q'(WR]=]D==IX0_2K
ME




BJ\+J(F%/@=1&1



M?+


*[76P?:387@/;
Y$/BNT'9+O:


L6W]K9%0?#OOL\8%^_X-^YGH
.SB[H-(Q+^
M^A)X5D3H$@]6C-_H=3KH

M-

GLQ.%WDPFU
M

Q@0 E:






MIE.&6?#MC+5UPPFMZ/JRO\1K)6SH3I_?X[#7S+:DUJ9TJS;R3R86A&(=

M'6H1^/4

2-*R-9 B.XLW-5TU3'N7?7
OH?\
M&P=C8.LUN6OJHZ%AKJ%?M+\]%4789QB#D6F.!CM0\8&1

M
F

4N=J2F$JZ5(.0S
M]V#U#YX_.\0-\.:SOT
VPZF_+:L&NIYO61;I= \T%V%H9]#)WPY41_/VR!OV
M._E;R4SKV]-0%7LV*N;
LY_H]GNWSJ '6GJ=






Q*?_
CK1O_9!;U'J_J0:L2RQB$P\
M+NAA0@A:(

MLOSZE?C^Z8%9#[(-&YJ%OC3B:@1M OA@:TYD+#UK9 9/$7@XCYZV]GM$$/.3



/




..W]@3


%(4(^8!
(+JL@D\.!]V]YK @RVF(K

GA4=S%3D:A46PGG=[P\B.
M0_BAF
BSS7/
4DG\*%I& 4GV+8#*3J1E2 :(8@JIOB?#RR@Z^9U9D.NC_.

M+/



MWNYV]RR


3]_T%
ME[/T0!&1[U\DS

MX4&R/$*4+H=106WMQM4$R9H=RO(*\(1/@\ !MMA)B6
LL( U$7POY!;Z]*('
M18_ E(_



U'&J:(^HNY+=K?(XSISL9L:N.)FI


;J(HVC)3A=L3J5H6$W3:Q4 FOCB-V2?53B6 HCKMA(D
MT!AO))(:?A$-6(OV\$=W*NQBPF6:PQAIB^Q
$?)9





MHPY?R

:N_5WT^:A0LQ&]*P#6F2.;0& U@WW$_S



MXDUM

E2

M3$2#!&0TQ2H1#FVM+$5O/7KP9_PN\&_$.$11:QBARQ;PL&BEX8%YI.;&FSZH






M7%]H+Z$F* ADY1:OP0AOF &D\V-CG*51G#_0SD5:Q6*GBNK%BU.YQ)=C3HW
MFL2[9^_7Q\GN))Q3SQY@0CH!8[EAZH2T\'2,V)T;H5ENI:MHP2448*GBK9[
M+

]E2:AU6HY

MG.H36?6V10;XD_G^/X+P
;@!JP:[:7V


.JS88_KQL





U

9Z2Z+Y\:M


_21/F]Z13\%4AW0;;/%
MEV\V?E+:#3L=P;UCUTFFM89@0[NZ69RS3-7W'


K.G%F-_
MT.ITX/^UL'MNC
H$5'8CD;=WK#5K6O\=4;H)ARTA_79AKZ*RW=S[T9PE4^3
M.'&#:_]O:WUQ=^IT_7Q]P]YTZ(XZD9D533 ]D5611ML7V15




:
M;JMO)0_+DQ]%TNU[D9+Z





B]2$013

ME=2H[&A@
?P#\%;




MTYPXH1A0!K&:+


M- GGNC3*3@4[

JAFMO-HV\BXB


BNR

M$^B

/O($E8&'/?9BAF#O%Z#

M1)8F\@;L4[XVY^3\4* UL!

MB)/-2


M7\19




J)ASHOPG
M&P?AAS6^+PVR=9&.[!54E%
(U






MP07APY@E:

M]7C*IF2ZI&_A


MUXLLJE
D
7@?%.M^#/ Z
SLF.
97BFE*P#'1


(X0Y/3L58=!G6(988

V#MC3
M0XN!QT


V61'X4;5J5^CD5-+LR J6I)
M/!*'D1 -KT6AP
Q8?B:VK8+CP*Z9P*4Q ZL;SO


ML]!P%B85




%

@'IJ<2527HWIF498W/AUQGZ(061_%2^@W7#-*8-<[V. G\
;


MLB?C&%VX6H[!%

M)1)RT9IX))6 -@G/

G


B
MHTJA3


M$R1]Y)_FJ((_@#:=*



0K6;_1H7N
:F\:8IA
&BJH]W!2)!9+*VVA
.H6

(H];@1/0

9AEW^PRU3+DUQ/?[$
M5PR1O\4S/3H=PW*Z\Q@&E3^]LS9%1;@@N1@QQEF#V-8#4.W*MA49;A 
5:


MIR*0U?B(XBK51ZHRD;+ZP6Q$(S:B#LWQY[V7L'7J0AB7_?Y/B^4I
M6Q@7;4

E&1C8;6=4C9[E



S'9;.@K
KJY0E6]&8K

:R;U: NHE2*
MP(-P


&4

MA!1B&
2E6)0YFVV3%HO

@5ZLF:' ;-=7&+IP:


D

M=4[P^*:6'[+HK





2\0LG!Y!%$KOB#7]IZZ&FDBN&\_K5CMP=M^GT=PL[2


MY]S90H4MHZ:8^[)1YDMEQ/?!F?I8A\/

MN@8.O8']9321(\+\VE)54[TG/@T%;2V8IQ*+GWX\OI&SQX6C7DR8X,\-RCS
MFE2=(,.V89
&D9O9 







M$6VP.RX['85?RY0BA_135N$UT^A QS2 V'[BB
FIZ0 +*5U=^-SZSK**1*
MW:[6B HA)4%()6X9+Q#K4W4=%(\SZUQ+E5$I5-DKJ:%;$3
#;XQ3@=[.BK4'


Y2=)BXOH$[OXUE;
H7JEHGJR#(O1M8E5O!\X%]
]A
;3F3:
FLO/R6C


CCDN*3J8E(4HL
AID?PCBNN7 O9'YC%/'49
CUB21HL3






M* 4QGMBZ\-VBA#ZP.+.*



XBQ#;G([A
M(=+J%T _F%
15QLTADSN!U-!71K2.;(SV -N%(4@A^0N4NRO'A/TP^7@*WT!


MZT
8C=D;481+H1HG)T7B10L][%UB]Y58&B!P-;JD+:% X58%'A*64P4D!&

B1LRU:2WPEVH9K:5O^*GXP

HKUJ5Z









-_B

;W#:D%4]K\96Q 82&Q[C,L$P)OB6F+











O0M!7HK'J


PF0D-*PP7+Q#]D\7JG#WKH_O+SYN)?M$404R#


6/(I:Y@7S/?%B5%IJ:G
BMNP]YKU)_9T
M=N%E+H\UNV0&\P[0

O% IX^WB)VSJIK[PR/.1\$TVTOGH


=U





N]94HZ%P!\*#BQ?FXX<'&;#NY(F.J12
M
7XNT:_Y@R5(A(6:W+-J)

@IEH*D.UN&92BO%CB^6






M5A#5DZ6D\3P+1#WGC


MJ@JC:?G !C=7.VX.5]RB)9?@U*PB73$3^PATR))*_L
V92-@RF3I@GM905*4
M


J!V=GEC:R^P!B[YKK^$VDZP'+2H\R40[665
)=CEX_C/P/AR

;U:\(CG[9%CEU
Q=J/H2=2C3S60E)W%5N;N$UT'Z8HOL$@*_ZN PH(J







C/0 H*X_Z:!&*EK2V






UL*D+'G_)-:_S+.^) B!2 U8'PW'9GA#\$9[#[R!2J\)


M4W;&/Y;C)/WU5




PPF^HY3!150/]ICD:Z/0W]2V2VU&UHANG


M]E+HDQ9G3G


M&8K(.\0(B5D(Y(&4Q#A+QJ!L
[R[86X)3F3.DBCT68K%]&%7&'4=(IB7Q#6D

M+:Q&&!@@^4ZE1#



5J^41Y)


M2Q-8LX7]*@SR/RNV#=B#VXCBS_2G
$WX7[-CBTBAHXLPO+RKXDIL;:P8DO
=


5W! KZ

2DIA7*#F8/
+7%7_P2UL//8U47IL7


^)3U-!XR[&




KYAL3

['1(]L0$QL]M.5M F/-8P9
M%GCU+'!X.\K$1NN7(A,/,[%1PPL-C8UFX:4-XT4+82?Q#3;!&G LBGN=D7V

M1?0


M4


6JT%5@\I&?!BHU_/


/5MP1D:A;]-/TRUE!:LJW4=\M:!1].'^&-


MX_N 2LC.8%

)['(\C[Q;+)T=9)W$L(L5B7I\8M
N


M'E.%]_Z53N[D40/4@O$^$Z7996'2@HBXA7K3ZZ1=2DY1:IXWF]?9O$7[&);Z


X


M N@'W1]QM4%CR.+A8*6H^THZ1W8&4\2-HA#DD/QDBOW58X)^N)=\I2_@#+JG

 SNL

=A09PJN;@$P;I#LC_B1&+KBQM_LSZ$
MT9B]$4U^I$#P ZP@$BE<&L;6+;J5@8&)'G1?J@Y,4SA4@$6%BYC!2 '9_SD1
MLC+Q0?(+_@(2*1*4$)OD:\\0T)Y-QMJHR%'SK9H+?&5:!NNI6WYJ_C!O/1U



M-[[%T\*
I/*
X2.U' 7]FE6.S_2J8@[13 9=:G)








'V)7*GACL[I.%2ST;4D_17WV8UZ;$15U:[0L[%@UE+BZ4M!G;/.3CA/J




A#=N01GMLKA2*1F!N

$AA5L./]

MI]4(6^V(;8./L[GK12H;S:B&31A;6=DMUJ-,%/-?KP;.* ;VDW9D,9'JIH


M4C9^:#N=OMWNOLB[2@.C2TNM(2


&7;O3
M[I8OG6?.\=?.




7&7!I?V:71.( ,Z^Q9+U69
M#;=DUYJCMC5.HPATG6' 5\: S^9- -[6.QUNW4-4-F4T?*.(E2K--END%O
MV5+8=GI=;!A0;<RCZC<I'CS^9A*SI$G@ $;HQ.F ;;R*XTR]NQ69V@[W4
T



MEMR'VMD_M5QN&\

CK]8#K]
M9 12

6.RRJXIC#UM#NWV0PLS-.D1JWKI7


M[CX]#V!N*K.5O$%NS&

R^ZW1QMOPDMQTNTW(+BVH(G)^6BFL SM]G!DCUHE
MK98C%19SW3<7K0/HV?JO^R:_X[7RX<$M8\H_ F,X\2*& #<KO(7!M@E*FQ.\
M#E0/'.&MH;%UFV[K&@2<D15CZAH3H\&L<\*UB6TJL' -0 #!PJTWQO8HP.5
M/-Y




LMJ*G/
B(0I6-B+([?6N?Y_/N(


MVSMSTS[O9RUZ9J5C-YQ^\ (P #]Y#VSR

Z#U_.JM!_2)(W8N6:/77+T

?[N&\W@MK;)K2/:-W=J99E!^H7X
+]9_
C:S+8

MKMO)NCQZY9WEC?7LO7@^











M=J

/([O2[]J!L:Z;&5M^MJ]-IO:I%\Z9F6?RF
M)6H380T@! W&-9C-W^WF#^$NU]PR-\VQN-86.FDM5Z!EUX)*GRB*YM(J6^I_

M\\E\Q_J :12!*34-
RLJ &/W$0UH:PX' _S1]#;0)#:YS32KMFX\4&&JY5


-YA.ED?Z;9S0H9MQRE)B8D;5XVO70:36EQ!)LA7?Y!O:_8W

MQFX2;C#V7/^:1=

M34VJSXQCW:P[
%BL$-U


MLYUV29/NJ- X]7I\G85 V(;*ASP5D4F1W




M[HYVG

!

6$AZOI-&8)EL*CE(EM:M7-]84H



MLS!&G(PX':


ME0
-OQA^
?QB^

MKYI;3@[/)R5S* U['$Z9M%J'
M9I+-+H-9WJ66
2C_J)(:5:KB!L0L^VF!P./.6=RZ-HET/KQXWXNSL&6ED)4
MTS5E_RX#14U;



OQA^
?QB^
7PB^$7PR^&7PR_O!Y^V0P%


(7OV+&WOQUR\C5GT@ -\#.9I G\.@S%\!UX2!EN4D#XBP,,RE\.

M; E)
!+R&B3$L

M:4



MK




M/^H+VMFM5G?5 ?[




MHIW.Z$B7L-ONVX-.]^#+UP O3MG9* @17K/@?C+S$@0
65.V)OWY2-G#L3N#
MCMUJEU2P1KX6Y



^W^ IUAN^L._3G1^B?7UMS





IP?BQZTI





M7L[F?OC$MD$S-)*W.L9H
$:#
1IV9S0X]JAK?!(;KEZ[51('8I;N%1@-C?1)
MO';[H6_
!V

5@+(8=
M6@RCT3%(5R





MC-3?2DJ'=G]0\ERN86;;2NN1K&K/'G3



-.@8R\!8!L8RJ/-L*UD\PYQMQ8&&
M?6
6;&R1OABCP#@)C5@+ %C1RY1C:6@+$$C5@W .-.TZ-46
 F
4&*/@




M/-*FNMOYEDQ_7:NM^NPUP2X4_?9JHM1!P[AQN&Z!6C,3AA7B\A+[LS*!C4

U:=](]MT+M%K

M+/57-?DX]WTB6W9S?6!Q8GF!Q?Z=NK[E!@'^XP5QXOK^#'N_VM8XG
%/U.DJ
M#$2SUVD4SJCUZ\1-F!5.Z6?J#&M;;L0L]IU%8R^F3JC3

*7



#WGT(_31(W
CSGY#WI\S#=LFW3U:8



MN/9\=XM6.
')K[QKKA#?D-U#B_W(]B3&*[JA[7GT8N^W5S7YWE;#_\DPQB-L

M&Z

M\7QGF16+E

M1F_C\;8=M)6^
INGI!EAU01?BS*/QW+])G%_=I'=JE^KH^+ 4_G  KVD/)









*=OFKTF'DT^W/'N?!:!DI::!/NU2!%Z\30&@PM[2G=?6Y#[[;JHO=TE
M%B3NJ1?W=MV
B47B[IZ)0J<)R.SM+C
M/7JGEUW_MKI
^;

YQ1


-N/3C P&]*TLO0N?+P&?R@=E2#G)$?=E;J:XTH#Q\R






M
AU26^#HD+[-;

MD*&

ML1EJ*^X7AFP4?!*ZL+

MD=[FM[L35H6
5W.JQ3K=C.E\K


MZ;RG

[+:

SKQV0.-WW-C^O2&
MPA%QPBS&@9N
JYR\SUS&5:2.M
31+^
J
JY2@X\CW%'Z_0).FX\49&!:\ W3

@ZA5NP*31A3XXU
MB%O?O=R.OKO/F(SCUB:+;@?

$ED  029ST[ZGQ+')



M!P:+I=1+D;K:T?362?U8DR)H%&

:
MY
Q[UO7-[^IF98WB/SZ@G<R
R%J

-8394XH4GN6I



M$Q4JQS#Q*EH 7!=XV8
[


M76SY!K
1@6?QMXFY9#Z0_5\Z)3/')3-FF_:$ 2ARZ=)Q.?Q9!N[2\62^2J:!

@+!RLWU''O

M*1YNB#
&2C+X/QJ)*X;O.OD\R6.H)55H%(5T+I=154/#VP?@_^WA)S9DSC

MI0UH/W&LDUA.9DH4.WQXE035(0+1'$243\$LD 6?Q2;56]EQIUEA)Y][K;

<0E@?<E+H44?


CCA:A+F^$


M3R;!(K!
/+)
Z=*E$Q8&!L#6F N\I/)?64PFT]RKC _HBI8URUH&!TY%[*.!
M


9


?7*3?*33&CFU4'7NDN$3(B(.WMQY

MIJ9+/MA3.JUK-@?@]Y
/.

9
H:81EC*A(
M'T=XG(#TH4L%;^


3 H+_2UPX
_
N0V-%K



M13\ .-$PI5+E1/PPT 6Z_QW=/8@$4_4=#U
5#Q+)8JKD*)VT] Y3**H78(

?4CA4L1 :QF+D!.Q&D0P8P[B1I9S1N-+

59
MF=<F/'_GFK9G3OA$Y5V_2JA[+V+XL;J+G(4RJ\
*49QXE^B19#ZI
=7XSW(

L
MX)$Y*K;X86QZ8

-KQH_\;4 2KX ]EU^
MN.*K(4K\N9RCY3;M


MLV

7)@
+(_-4Z'#4^DQO!W
M( QW6]H\&NX3#=U#1W@\?

.^]Z-Y \H-F!ZGX K$D, $73'4
M(U@R+QC_A7 &^ [JHMS%
-IVF U'%@DT%H;Z5F-(5[%W\2C3N9D'N5=P5L]
M^G? 4\-L.PBKPPI2/2XIV/%!Q# LNCQP/*.O:$-#0)S^2!FHAM -YD7Z.%W;
M 4@1Z\\)2N&AO6 AQX:_CA4N 9(@M@!XB&IS[E^:KOL$L_D3\6(*'IQ[5S.D
M

;*K
MFWPO

M#*E4

A#;D


ZN51E5K3U35M.*J21WG5



M

&E3@;]E1U:*C%6+&BOWIN
M5*D89_V^-AQVA\
6L.


M4
9


M/X


MB](F2M+&#B_TED:=ZCXZ;N+:0 T
'(V
@:8.#N!?[NFL6V/1(X:;[JQCUL$1

#(\5KY!:;N N_)SH&U;+%PMGL





FR596#-&

MN@FVFVOZ0

M1$+3)I1.N=L%


M6X=OR?UTST@I!O(+3=@V-GKH$LAPS0DL-KPB)IK)'FK\#
WH&G$B?Z:AGA\.
M;'@F?0KZ8GYGBV!QX;@NK]U]:6(%:O\IRX$@^3X!CB
(?4MMYKAK(V5)P5'Y




UFWI7KHWR6H3?0/
)0EJWOC/Y=K7D+I5S=$Z!
MZ.\P'MN2.FJ'%V<ZMF)2=V$EI_7N7F'Y/X^8V#5.2JNH;96GB=[=9Z&^GP5



MHE8FA1U8))NRL*E(T[_:V'0 ZBFI8_-PK=5K/GRHZ6_PG^VJN'-L72_09_9_
M.^0]O0S&U+*8IV KA\.(:*!-\:!(1U\-)8O]DG(-6?$L=W)X?;KY5.P'M:-V
MMT^VPI&U1D;=WGROPG6LZ\
?FQ@7A6N

NU +

MU.S0IO;E7#.(J1&YU =7:L4H=0.3UJ\O#;(IA_!\FHE]PPU8V]TR;KV*+]
M@*/L^5HL,67#OG /&HAO+@Z.7C14R6\D/!PHO*X


H]$QK*Y6


K66(


M+




E%





MP::
-86;9=
!J*=H

+.BJ_5(N-I3
M!H9D:LE



MFDKO44WJL7-GSID _


GX85! T
B
M XD






975CPQU__YQ^XE'^.W[CY/?BI








WT G/[Z3;6L
MT)V JL5_]Y;F)/H][?B8 O

M%X:J=+-:Z_:O]4.S( O?58EL@3.;H1

MSN+Y:L.^
AQE+)O12

KF@C')((ED3Q,H
M3<:09 SI-DM8T@RAM266(2
(1VGW&0


MC)KE0F77

:,;RR<@M3F@EO2EM%XH:HIH!B8#[,#K$&UI*Y@/+X9:1^+CG$FU
J

CQ

MAWQTT-
%K
5/'@3SEX&[=#P4K[G [31\QQ(7=5@WRR-S\P']YM0&^A(R :;#

M\J(:G*X08!3\^QPXV5/()WO2(9




M$YANB&@)%N*#93T5.Z\P6V ).!N1?RK'JN(98I(E'!K9!(;%^=!I_


(.))P-?&=
? I/M'A%Q3R2&'13L6:

8)\;/8=97#+W8%\L:F(E/P5;(7/)FQI\CIZ
MX1NF



1$N62






V[#:83O F%M7S@%KTST*C'8!SS:=S^!0\XYHOIPGK0






M#H!(D_N*P+;CU+:]:R]#065 9\RPT'SD*DKZUE* FXJU#)1@&?KOPNO (SV]


(/O#*F7#SX NVB?(\ICPYO+ W:8LK#GM;[&VT

M-E#Q3
^$

.*%7C$96


KRNLN






60!%F)H8?1/F*R2SE

RG1H9$R'+6!(/C+7\Y4X
MX373_U :


(G;PDS-)UB$9U/

M?8N$DQ-[=7IX.R;V/H#!@R


M=:!

E
B=
MO7

B0(_0(_0ZIC
PM\3.


)0I7WO=WR(K9(7











WIN:[H
M(T
3EX@K?;87
59


MB+0C6MJQC=C)YF:0PJEL=(T0=#15-;@=6.


OJ)W3_*LTL+H








$NR7;9LEYU[H\_4Y36KB+
W3V[T


PV_/= (N[R1;B!?M0*UJOBUTF\HUY

S.

MJ:TO3%N+-I[)LQECGCB82=E+(N- FJ$I6G^HC-2*;QX=BW$LMXC'_8RGT+*
M0T^UU;F-T6G7IZ_3UH850K*@I@@ 0XD*





$Z

M^_)^QTO5P\:1
;]_A!7NF$LQP8TX8QBL2%!:[N!E9/7 %JX.)=9M.]:5&7!R




*:7A3E8E_.;D[XAG2.?/U^2


'ID_%Q
!


M


MJL8;_/






6NHR$I7Q@&2=G_+^+

?_O)7ML?WI[P+TM$/GJ#


1+TIALRQ(G/VWYF@A1GDE[X
M/ (_


)_?.*M[8I;=\;J /@/-I9HN 4
M;=8-/:YOCY@#XF)WR_LD78EBC@ VKX^T%+Q@IH8HVD0+3+#0+^CY'= DCW^
M$Q(3^+) 3-BG=EI
3+CG('-
_B%^KRERF!C!=
\2 L: )(?)@);A6=5X(E4R




M54V?0:.'X%P+P70V[O_TX_C^=O T_2L8_.OS:/9K P8W=!\ZST/+?LUH_E&6





M[N_[APO7A-K





M7;Y\#60#7SB(I(LIA
TPKS=@/5Q#?H&4PG0#__2FU)Q<CO
RY6\AVO+$6$_T0R^



MTI@X


CI%KD06T[+@&OL0@O_CLR^[;B5@EY,O0@?MN1:O#++8?%0M$

CU 2AC
M *!FU%-V@0+39&X#R3P]$HT(G
?*)!UP(:/WW+*[@Y:CT(2C0B?2^JZ01%
MFW)R@EA7NIBCY=)CID0X-!MXLIA$/I+Y#9*9F)B(5=? L?LEI:GURE!DQ+(

N@A


(7F[$NT1 SS16'!OCTOKD&V)Y[#.?1F0K16ZKAFRE C[)Z$*
:RK$B
M!=9^H0W6V5 Q]\DF_$R+T'V\B(C+ *WCUJ.LGO0H@?)3HCB^-Q.UM ;A;(R4


M[ YV
Z]F?L4DY_10

M45'OQ
1/C4N1
@#4P$P6 


;[@YYL



*:M$10L14!J*%*4UT?;Z_#L3%LJ




S
M7.%\^]7?@:_0 J9'@SLW_Z\F$%\KN&'#K



M WNQ;3;FNU@B[9N'M2+I.W7_=QR]9JP&S@+1\8+U[MC\-[
U+R&.2.KM5=](




D[PP-4W6$9*^!.8Y1:M+22&SJPEQ Y6*A18
M5Z/U##:0^8K+&-68Y-XS#DU3G:VN!JC6%3;
)_F6=I(AHJ:1OPJ5^DS6WVZ9
M3%_?-O,;+9BSW\#?.A9%E^\/R#WV3;'B^CKFCN8\%O*^N-;^IYY*Q*WLH3

MMT3T'73_3$P9N@^T8XMN3)

M+W._&V*/R!TI!_)O$$$+'XRFCJ.GCTV7H;8C*!6VI;?!H6._*B71$HEN#.
M UK-$0T74Q48=@UNF_:*%?$.M9/](Z

E

68MD




)CB[&)[=2-:FB&CO
MM7@4APZBZ/(VJ7]^]MXUCYVAR1ZS=01[U]X_+1A\OZ5SD=0\+[-F6NN4KJG.
MLU=;HW4\MV9Z/[







M   ( ).$ADHA7_B?SA
  .7]   5    8G)O9RTR
#$V
3(S



/BT
]S=WP$H
M\




M0[B


MX_AQ^/'DZ


MW




JBYX9Q80+AO(I0K-/.Y




M2^)+@OE=Z&



M6R1S%





M2-4$[SJ+U)T^2M#^
DH]DHV06

[1PQ.


@M;]'2IK
.OIY8FJ)%A$B&J+/Q

:3Y[BY*OR%?/UP:H^F'$-)EJ@*H71K1MR0!%
M'PMO37^O]_UTGOM-/(OKR .TI5=K'%4NQ'2_IF[P7R7KPR);3%H@QU7XP2

VAC:W\;
32%
_[RB^X-HJKFM*0?N
MCM@XW9
QI+(U1UY,:/
CKXET!VKO+Q




T $V7G\+
H?);)
Y-=J$-Z


_7^(@^07
M
GQ9J(?D#6]#M&[DQ (]MR(RYPS!(.U+I7
;!IYRT;





+Z[N!\]7H]O;58$WJ

MC_8%!G#.Q'B)4)R1)*99
-RV[ZH*NS*'I4PZ%V32UPC0EMO1]!D'.$[2FN)*



4

MF=EM&(1E;I3A5P)B.Z5(R5%D#OD@V_-#*?JZU*#



0$4&<OOT<(Q)R5RGMB%[RE9:J&Z4\F^*UZX
B!&-TCM+_KX/R

H9


M6\%J*WNOVG@=]:
2$]#SHX:=6YJ:/+4AA\U0.NH']6WEE;$ZIRQ
22O99N
M(S]:BV
K6&W%CVKC==2/2DQ SX\:M:YJ:')4QM^U MHWY4WUI:$:N3QL*_
M

M-([F

AVWNC;XB&]87L\.UW&.$%^JU2(=![^B(TXO?\,:CR1_#75!$Q%Z.


M6P[89?KW*





M?GZ\H0!
*267-Y=%$Y)
M!L(V5%[;\'0<PBT*=)5-_1T MDZ5TYIXKR;ON.@S6=L4<A4650'TG'4R*Z?
M%Q!'; ]W5K


9B

MTG5NUKAPZ7*_\Z-.5TKJ*]?82R=+.P^P/7

M#=12QZUSFF'+%L

MH=NG_(XKI95T
N382]^C_'NK#$\+][/6
\J5X6HP6KSUU6I=7H&.U=9@H]MZ


HMS)SZ
PIDT_MRCYBGS1PI
KZI?TR^68KRCF]-X
E &W:C

S

M#\B&MU*T!TM]5M.K@OIS7KH-PE(V6[@[R%F.!UAPP%Z2 '_E4'
)#/(C?8#2

^ ZJC?K1&



M860JZVDIQS
F=Q#O^01 Q _G);*]3_IC F-$/OD/4$L#!!0    ( ).$ADI)

#$V
3(S





[\.;T-^C*]2!VSM%TYL$0DC_$'_[B'&SW/C\Y

'





M
@KZX_Z



M3X?\1O8




G2L 81^ $P!A)*5Q[7

W!)[[3TC


M=):!UQ))(SC#D%B(


V
!A5A+.V3H3C)FIQ: ?KP7



M)C\NY.&!)^A%WWY

MC_X67GK1U\B^#R?YZ\4Q1E


:E6&MM2F265$4#'GQ:*X1GU%!E7]
M2&Q8EH 8PQL53-6B%DF%RW D0P!+.'N[:R^=QUX-#4T)*+4N5]T+5Y5@11+
MB/MFA7B'DU!9$I\2SPOE@SK1C\V+L&B%\B0#G^M(FT[=SU:/41\J7D41FJ
M83TU+HUZI)FR
N,T]$HXASP[H [NO;/X\04D6XTQ[K-F[+A0F@'DJF178
M/0TX^G!T;#O^I- )*GZ\8]UV[)E(N)@SCQLS

;;+0Q^/S$A$



IAZ;[F8O;0*-)R4:=C?=NA4IS17*ZZL)EMY3'N[
M94P/MIUDHI/-U(IG;?NM I*]

O)'VTX&T'%]




M')%*;H/SE_0G[;E0RW0V*U!:.5

YA
MOG'?W@(6=V


MZQ1+.8^VABO6Y:4O(SN;\] -R5=/UGK-ZV_W_:^/YP1%HN-WX)TPC[K:_? 9

@


U'Y$P%_L0E)
3M
MB




M)UFSAPH
1@G*[=\Y5Y36FNV7RTO4ZET2!


D&N*BG^/.N%)8&^G89A
M/I-I45A&&\$$4;$XS6VA&P-GC<EL%Z&2H2PI'EH3^K?=#8/(1Z@<?@*
/R*

OB_+'I.Y@AA*. YG0.B(':

Z.C5
Z9IL

3M$1;L6*!?



P:E_0L8@F^HY2W_\&
M\,\'1/\+0RFA*@Q7GZJM# -*WO.8KXBWL
7Z/-2V-1AV2ODU4ABR7K9)) &

.FR

M9=9PY.-T.
2)^J3YPGV?^9(*:UDJ0K%70LL2PQ27V1J4%3R#1@[A
E![!=\0

M@9E-_%=0Q;3[=Y

MXO2PH?G:M4/.X!AAN'AQC*L+37Q@'72C


\RG]JK&FN_ .S\-;7F8IC1@Z!7#NGG6<)4GK4I
M!Z5%L.3?.48WI3\EL)T*




M*H
L+9RL0Y7)^A:9'./#K)PC0XHC6BYRY+ -
3!D&A!-%+/I8:N5=8?*K-=3

M


=((2
[VVGPR;9NMZ/S4I)2MC+DU+4G]W
MIS0@%H0S3 79BWZB NSE!$A_]WA[42
F^I?;T.=F,0K )6Q;-F*\'+;P\




C@8:4)]
FV$T%R
E!.!JNU
M(&%MOZTLWI3^


&8;Z5[-YS1-*








MQF^_+WS%06



GLP!8_RLE9&4Q%(5
6HM#E[=XEZ3PUBS2JS%R7SM
MS^9A$-'=DSZ0JY



9MLN16D:[#1+8C*5%B!S
5?$

MMI+




MOH*LQ



=@8A2W
M ('GSP!/(#_VK@3#U!U)XR)C$M?6E4FJ


M
)R+Z@8S% #O*T;SV;D'@L =N\
R:0W%MB7V=R^;=B^;6GV K</+ILT(-DG&$

MB=SZM#


TJU5*N&'=.SC_D<*/Q2I9M\

5?
#*XNB!
MGA!)7'K&*?@N#WL\
N7

MYV

[2K\_F]:NRHE2/L361

8BNIU?7TZOKZ=7U].H:
M

G2#^W_Q2%ZG4RCZ;7 Z#Y\1


M.$.HZ6


M72[(4E#J[W

MNDNF?-
PRL,8?J$;8LE&W6?-O:.CI%#28'++[B728;O([V17F5IM(WX3?7






?
M1N&T

\N
S$N67UTHI#B2*:1P%DZ\HFN

HGUK=\XAYZY$ EY.+P_8&P(@##


R?Z$GQG\[RPWHU=E\4&J0


\;8?QFOQ;V%WCN!(4



=



'Q& YIRP3RV_R#J$6Z3N3INDP!.B$A#1.0

M
C Q-C$R



+K/PU4VZS/X[N@O6






R9GEM

MX[[




@L_S#?T



MA&.KDE?S=89^=U?





-^268I.87$]A1UYW91J?$VF3-*C9'[
5UCAO%D*\(\WE6%ZU(FX@6-/

*71Y3
MSM+H(ENOXY)=TL6J.4_+XOSX4J/\XA30@\#4&9*2H\XZ7EWV/A)6$\-H;:


M3






5X6CVVXSZ:\
7WB44<) BTZ]05!B3^\L+X*73GA+CR%Q)*[&J*!S
MA@F5F@T<1$0PD*#03%S+ E6T$Y9;- ' T\?,$ (M2C\@&*@JAD%#!A (?=TT
M4)BNFIT1% @I-@5#F]83'(;J2@Q)X0(B8%V&E!
5SC3!!37Q&Q#3+1)_4!B


7HZZ:+1WT+[+2-I38WA9B4
MI;2&A&X+:
D4[9;-ZE-YQXQ6M6&)K$7IK#C61;Z-\#Q.KN-/M+)E'.+'C\%&

_'&!-B7(BR'?U$K%+V(DN20%6P

M9)56LA=F5E48)$X1Y3E^T=Y*NQ\
^OP'?WW^@Z[/?P#9YS^
Z'.WIVBOC5/R




MPH^F4/C1



M(*F74B%.=MR
JO
Q#Q;&A!@7JMA0Q7=L=_HR_E%J#3B8+U)EUF^YLONHBCS(Q%=IKQ.4.2
MC1D-GDR88*#*0M/!@E2QHADMU\?GHQ:WC_6(:_& 5S'5/WO@C463+1B



*?_HEW4N
&=&Z!(5&S

B1HP:$7(?Z*CG


MB=CS@DFP$MC5^[LK- C5JE'0^2.(WA=I-'P\KZ)!E
A'7U]L\YSJ&!=AD/Q/
M'.3RR4!.Z@H!.F5K

5JET;RLKI 6$'J64A#]K4 -!^(LJ)+D$4T
S1=D

MV51!BD]+I)/BTHFQ^N-
M@0&]54?! 0A(!FK*0JNM%WS/$&=&+6Z?

MQPT(02!)IYTT+E?MOZOP'&/QCQH:#3##3(O2#V(&JHKQTI !1$M?-QU66*QF

%9POK^
T2
.8C(LB!5)':L3M/C+(SIY



M$!6+67D1Y/F../GL#7&)\8:\+F%E94X;9D:
8&!GH^WP#=3BF;V/&](?\)X=


MWE[ @!9?Y.?+SGVNFS1



Y/I%L-^/B)SXN4KRBBN]
M@&GM&M[]+@H4[+^!HM9'8 PEJ4EWV-J)8P@)O6\D8S-Z&'Y9X::KV5C?
M:?L

UU:[

ZKYL:\8+9MJR


]<V]&3@YFKM+K.-A]
M[CGX59DV#_KR$6.49B5&KW_\@;@K(/24



3)E(6+9-1.0W!JE3L!.#$I&$2J]1L$


M+FMF9+(-K#RG
?E-L)!GJ*TV=

M)6?VMWG5&23?S\HXP:RR5NIJ=[W-#@1]21R_RRQ)@KQ &YSS;09(M/(RJK-F
M=V344$

W
$OIV4FI


?M)@VS-6ZJ


M 8*$%99CB%H0=UC*$60V$;T/AP1&O4$1O8W3M9
I2$V&E:F5+A3FJ9D!(
M@I3J6^3H+!% 

32*8IH
M-V2HP/E+'(+QS






RQT='1200 &

MN0QA0\31C@@)RMML



MO:!CH*@0(0T5/)3T55
@A9(B1JN$RQ&;O5N[AVF#I^HX45T?[QQVOC$F5QD
M!5:%I1:RNOH
6I/'= J(B-O_0$1O*:7JRBI@:-M=






MBHU0P[++ VV%
]17D
=B85'5.
L/9+Z*
G2Z$0(#.FPD##:5
@X13F3KG:


MT2
?





%Y.T?T7-
_!LQ'4

QK)?6SG!2S@[D(U].Y
MK7']V=N4'Q:
1V@^ /+5$[KX97;W]@K=W'J]_LJ]FT94;&:9[OR)B2%DDS


M_.X5\^I:J7[$N1.=GQR\FB[R;
4&P.LW%?S/'^9O_WC*@[18TG?)[G#9NJGT







C2(DOBB

MFR^@_2?@U4




HT]6V-V\'@U]V
[T(4!49X\Q
\DDH1-_NU?
MZ=YP

*BUU5@.7)JWHDO$\G27J*Y.=T]4

MTSIY4.;L8$!JK_
@4XKE2.]%H+T


MS^EKB:@EDODDE=!VNA;@Z7U$T^BF^\-$ A\JRN7@$'FG/%CT&5ZBT0)C %P'

MULJN'QC3;E?*AD
M (TWW8S6 ESG@AZXZ8TFUUKXN&)BMVNR2N'N:BNB! 


?.YM

M






MNWT03*UT]P4P
2T8I&D4')9MK





M7B]7U4W






M0AN6VYP^RY!&[2)FY@/ 4(H?X%N9* :\D0AH1Z3CU._CG.(7T:9%45R$[&K^


+!

4/Z ;3






.HJO%+'K0=7;IU60?F<9HAXOV
\
?VA#B*?^

7+N+2^L&XMT=?U]9&FRRZS



FR


SZR;;X



MZ#!3L




FZ_?5
@\?YB__8
H2!]6
M(
KF.+CDDRR.'K




J
L)
F;1+I !@O

OH+_:'G$4)#C:X
M2*
EN0=XI.H/R@:T]H+'C

K%0D2QKA'&




T+M@]OQ?-U8 I/P#4US9LF)$^
MN$:Z]]%R-)

&F3
:J&6['TX
M'

MW'==L!4-@O#O$)9?0%GGLK?CA=A
MVEJ$LVEII''-Y&/)#V.*&:?T(

MX1[

T4V0_5!(&







MD9:EO
[R_4V

IAIBM#!Z?\1
X9'6:U)!0U][_8


!61@8;7;;NWLS.



DF

H%H
;((YNTF*;T^0=21





M=3N;
!$AF#&MTJZ/'DH#JXAG=3UD=T_T+&E!WC^W\89&P

?DUM$P
M
: [*ZDXH 6WC+057 5E3&S!P#6'KSH1G?L..0YC%AWHW'U8TP/8O^K;KF*#
MA9'HB62[6I1ZA57)/E1=2&)J\T3W2'Y&L^X]DN8[9RAH23_KW3'9WRKQYXA(
M[)54G5'1.W9+U!L/ S5ECHEHX)^A% 

PXP*#N\%?'
MV)Z$73C#+T&R9=
)J)?(VG-H;^J4=)R




C:D

M!JVN
BRJH%C=%PI*M

\Z\+$
\G)D%\HVC':=2#:/

M2NW!W;!@$Y.=9OP7!3/XIZ^[)E
WH8AMPZR6



M8FQ(Y_J(E@L


5AR]W-3S-!AKO

M


K.

[3+Z[:*BUZ::

M\TI1D7FRI#4METL &IK0AI^&!0SXS/3L0X_2HB\30OT5!1Z]J+D.\@^ORNP5


)Y!
X 
6-#*H



@GO)P 9']%;W03#YS^BSXL
M]A(D=)EI$'49%V&2%<,KBR/XG5:(M36K4QW6E!D:_FP5%U[OIT5 :+%_]K93
M)0(&5C7^.1M6XUS[BA70;JICC,5^BO%Y]S=&**L(O;;\7_1EF&\C_H1*\3'8
M\!<K0GK<G1=?P8 IG][-IU %O?.[!J93I)08#/1T&HKW\/K3Q2/V0L IO*
M!&3P7&5DHJ;1S!&

7+5^PS3IERQY

%PX=DTO\F1D@

MB
V)E&)$SC O,M*3 \;[




M_!G*;A733S=U4FFZX 6P(SY: #XHE E]HAV_IW2)Q&4P3*=6(GK;^#F68$

M :%;XOC
EUS-2LO=N^!3O-ZNS[




1!
L]I#G2YVR_3%UE:Q!'F;V'4L?J;




9U
M+P_4Z_=R0PJE_M:R7HYK^E@+.J/ST&.SX,1Q?9FDXQS/F8T4E_Q9[G.-_M
L^=#6-Z\9-H[RI=<.@Y';*KV&G:$SW@?*

MP8K\4 \F:T^OZDHJ7JX

M-

P:J1'O Z



M:F*KQ_F

RQW7!19\[/8=:WFC3N\?#
M;WD?@XX


=^6\RVY7.64UW?IQ'.'\LLK&*\]\3HHMIX5?%?BNO;

M =W&2]!!T&








M&]H9%-92X.S#QZHN]STJNA.=!SUM'-W.@0?DX4QAI-'6\0K:382#7/CF;/^H
M01O!=T[)?Y4VT[0[QMY'/K^1)S-1
V=3^L]KW
EK*G:S?+(D6;HZNS!6Y)1&
M[OB&/M*R:J@%'#_
E^F?4:;[Y*WEMZ\^RQG X[#_S ]G#$P?K/^G?%13V(?-



,)B)TG14H5'B0^#BC!@$JIWB &)GA@ @: +I*@*.;+
MWP(ZW9?S_(%.XV/2V*]GLTEJ$R-:

M\/J$
  YVANYRU(^'*_^W
;E[B8MRGS+=L:M0ZRI72##CYZ$VW5@)-XSD9?
MA#/CNS!3.G;Q29VARIIBT +S\AGG3\]!VCUSVC^H-75GC-'@)(;O^*:=9S;
M?_[DSDLG-UTZV

3.S

6-ZF:4=[]]^FOW.(.E WMU


R]KWI(.+

VN$G#;(V?@D]5 N\Y3O$R+F6SH8;)
M:7C1R(#.HJ3D ..[&*DYR+#F3*@

36B#3


TRUAR

MSC

MEQB?KB':P^!PJ6!&RF2F#%ZLJPE14%

M *N(O6/)5

^1 @+BAF/;
:%

7O!\L08F[ V967N.(+ +)8QF4
M6Z+(KD


M-+NLC3T9:0+1*LKG


M8](;)X3UPX
PDW\%VL@X





FGO Z71M+.9XF^ ZTE[V/:.,P
MM)F%'U#8(@8Z]EAVF?$\Q8G]+A=MA=4K J4$/.FWU!OLWS#9Y+YNR23/XK7



MLI?H+\B

MX#+.65+Y?)'$*V48;?K/P!]0^D8Z?%C)OP%^(9K&OOY(8PS$X:@Y4-:P !UP

ICEK@?[A:F.X

H=
!5IWZ@Q2ZBI[-K[@FA@QCJ^:
M $IS[)T&Q
WCT90M]


M:2229PC

H/^I+(




M;+77T






MK:H8O,30$)?1^C#\!&_X-2D\5N$@)M_J7X#H@_&35_30:Y\7LZ0F_Z)S/D

XT-
ZP^&J$YP%FI/BQ\H7EC

Y +_N256/&7W.(^S*?#R/PX






C?%F!
8'BS5AKC #4RH5VGCKNHR0.\A

M52YR





 SU(A$;9FH$7J&

:


.V?.Z@_
M@7ZO/^+EV


PS*O&


M'

0&^P_
MU-HC4

A^Z.BAA6+QEH*JI\$S


572^&KFS/\IQ


X2LMLJZ#15[D0M/*3ZXWLP#:U0;E##
MH$7Z-\2)T:R7(W ?P( Z6:7





M&'U)R7W%/^ZR-.LJKYB:I

^HE]S

MP=B9$_@I[UZ1?295@19
6,/3%7!^.#O3G]9LWY%
QTJ

^H.DS9YJ1E_VX6<  O=-N*<Y2*@CI_(
M$-')/96+:L%HL4-?4MD$&5^UKA'MY9^)75;PD#D




M-.4%U

\




S0&HLPT5M3R/8
R^QK5!51/A\#7@ ]1Q5NH.!J-A719/





M30EM]5[

MP'!HL9_UHZ70Y[1^#-M9-1$=?[VPU ?:

7'2:V
M+Y*@*.;+*J=HGC]0)37//.EX 


.MSE_LR9($OH20IT=61$*
PL.% D(E%-98C'][0_R]_(1

K)E&0'^K?564C.O:G4?5F



(0.]R!;(GF

M\!TXHI_
MLRW[I!AKFBI/[5_=DI_(K^M?D7_0S1?YS?\/4$L#!!0    ( ).$ADJFD-[%
MST0  #'8!  5    8G)O9RTR
#$V
3(S














Z;3'F37]F:P;#@1S













R:=%NA
M+6@8\?/L'8E_)[Y\OK8@=1A&5 ]3+4@=A!&P+BF0.(3A#5SOH?U-F][[16/[
MQ\^.%Z26702XJNU$]/#



*


#GY$YH6P?8[^$&0$J-(P.

TUO$3.X8[[LX[Z#M/






?9'5=

$/R((/ O&2?T?:K/9)+WN7


RXT:?)TCZ@-%
MT)@?3!F&1A11W_GDQJG7!]J9

MH!KSJG4$52P'-%A1IE#5%4@(5U
7*&+&/&K=$1-+ P=H*FAU@.G
F!-#^WYY
\<U(307J! 79



MX*A0-




^WOI^ X&[MW[&*;:6A%77[27OWB3?

'W5IC!-_J7 HE_'3+ZCLUF&TPV328;FR@3FG ]2T[/]X0F.?!0
M*ZZYO^TLIHYVG4PP&
%

U_%S2/D;(U 0J_UL9SIU!*])$'A!2XI'*0*V
M[6

5+UH^=




&)B\Q%N12GH)_87$S^$L5^I/=LEYH$% %=*8
M[Z*30EK ZSA4G(DBD_ Y
SSGHFRVQ@[6RYMH4)U&.?2_+*]\;G19@A#4*#&\


MI BM9(9CWC8
_=+SU^RWL&YRH2LUZDR ;E,;CA WQ92V9:2.9R0W/K-:@Z
M 2B4 4Z8



$)34T1X:*2./*IX1ZAG)A^V@2][\0;BTT
M8U/?VG:B5AM01'RW]I0PD^LIC(A]7TDN@5
&:4U3-*6%%/!LY+C_8#84AY0!

M^/O4EL45H5[(=DV'QO:7Q@




N_&KNQMTFKGTN9;$



V(&'N4!ANZS; 15'6; X]I3JL.\I


7;=





0UN C.@X@BJ0M5XW













MO49I-P35#%3FA; 3AM(


$DP0.$!KJ((.70.!
MW8$0&BM@J@RADEB

@Y
IDR ; S/EV1#_##-











]VQDC[RMD:/V%[5SB,MHA
MP+)?- ;VB':-2I4T\1L9&+:.'^JQC/TUQRWI7Y! *=E._^_\\
9[06(95[7


MY!_P!Q[V1TF55S_


MUM7A69_F=;H^ZRUY=BJ#
#.07M2]V.UIVU[933SNHT_F.+8&&3]C_A++(O&Y




J;]-CXP44W!;ZUDTW2BF8;F:KJ%5I*;.1K
ESEN9D.S[@AJ


$@'

ME:=[
R';YS5=

V_[@\1T\
MOH/'5V=*:'-QOO.7+\Y_AO3=Z)([,E5(M(CW)3XPN%Y%0QY/^ [9TDNPZ7C
M9P9RH1PX-IG^&@US-NQF_[.WF*V#AR+VK+O862/L!SJ+$'$5OJ9MZS)(*
XEI3=I%_UY

6QQDON$Q4C5&EL







'


QY@YVW( Z_L[)4#Z=.-
SO]7#F4&82+





X+X0QZZ

88!I+)/_DJQ\DEY+PT(W


V:_32FJ3
M)]];I [EALFL3 4*K64O34OIX)B8'4P.+9MVE6A_HK$TR



T6Q0U1'SUSB3-QDS:ZO\=T6UD).#*@$*

LHLUY=*! M:--O[0<XW,8E*,R\S\9-9IRMH^
M=OXFX,?HI%ZA8)\$]K<=/:X1MW*%+!4!(@$=+H3L :GH+HP)+V9T&SI!-4N




8O.Z]#NL]KZ*YU+3YI

M@V(\&WU*-J&_X8^)L;%Y\;7C

MR 33)M=1/


QKBCZ$/AQMR7].@@/
S;F
+
M</-Z1CP.P#O^ Y?[NYS<V:_^N4+Q[]B:W#\TI TREI5&O5!TG7CUID
I5P
M^OW&+$_6I-CLFSKQ%81;''$'?

)EG=Q3LG*\

EAV

G









M[YIA!?.K@($U;+UJL(?9_;O?@ZL#)SEMNI0#*JY3[2G2]H;%\O$BYOTN(=
ML\;Z0=L&S;JB2L=VM)\1[6DG3!Q[17'L?'N+O!9Q'HID;+^9=P U (H2O[$@




M ;K:GA;@^A)@



F;U(B;;P
UVPEGLRGQ T7


L-]K)B
1B%0<J(D(3CA^G ;0HUK%CE/-@0P K-;5],F42M1B[]#PT58Q$
M.9;55F$%8K9OQDRJC+)
?R%TJ!&&*(6KG/
:I
K:D+#)9H[FN[II=))9%)
MK _W]))BL1]:F.HXJL4.9GFM
+9/S.3&_RNI+=!78;FQZQ&;ZA)Q&;I5J2PJ
SNQU\]0MFXGE]N



MA#8%WUN



M\2/2J7PP:COA&(HE?E@_
;EX 4\W24?W\-+9O;%L\,'(Y9JM#?ML\'C(^J

8'+;I71AG]HL31/?.B_@D7-^Z




'RR
'B9S:3?;#N#V
M0?-FY*_II.1%JS!R_

MO)5WQ8$74!_A )K=6\ZYOVO*_5V_AOZ

MH:WM\SIL1@L9Q3&-J\&GI7(S5,1T!4(TR?KTPDL!ARH26M!0$_DM5W!!W/K
ML('E@ .V@X6GMHWFF#!H#KJ0EL))'V(0_?/Y]!GXH[2K146







3SA 'AE/MF.$+IX.&4^Y'C
MJ'R[&Y0L$K+2$(?D:[6F2?!FXP^3Z16QWXL=
M5FUG-;&Y0@OX(T

M[@-


?

W6

MLLVT

MM;Z&65&S!N$?H9K=K?EJ/9GG[A

^C18Q!TMI?M$J\@E?!K.0S
M0N-=;BFRJJA
Q2]8&&!OXF;02 S=:GTPH12ZG).%%W )90\Z*M^\V!IESZ-X

M[9


=\7!'/-P1#W?$.&4_W!$/=\3#'?%P
M1]S'.^*6(=T\6?:$K)]#/N :1GUG^[W;;$!%! I79MP[SIV=PE3AK+: -^T
MOIP9C[,'QZ1@@U99WVY


9(PJ0[BN?J^\FC29U=O
MT9PNUW[




/)X

%/ #H1.G#U:S=B:*(^3$6
MM[IS*'=&;/9

M]/



_^N)NH@H?N6I(;ZMITD]\/
MY40=JFP,56K05MEX)!1%\5W3GC\NUY(\$R_()1/[KE$BSY?X/B&LC;8$!G<

=DJ1W%#D0XL(


M.(K9@88RDL-91A

T/H4X@ARK8ZJW@8@,IJD[:W;=]I65#RK-=
RX)]39.



M4R.YN(]P#?M






M    @ $     8G)O9RTR
#$V
3(S
2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     3A(9*4'WM
MC

4     3A(9*(5_XG\X3  #E_0  %0              @ 'R
P$
M8G)O9RTR
#$V
3(S

M=


38Q
C


