

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001019687-13-001019
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		21
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20121231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130328
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Black Ridge Oil & Gas
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001490161
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				272345075
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53952
		FILM NUMBER:		13721731
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10275 WAYZATA BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 310
		CITY:			MINNETONKA
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55305
		BUSINESS PHONE:		952-426-1241
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10275 WAYZATA BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 310
		CITY:			MINNETONKA
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55305
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ante5
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100422









     









 D.C. 20549

[X] ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(D)
OF 



 2012






(Formerly Ante5
 Inc.)





    
    

    
    



10275 Wayzata Blvd. Suite 310
 Minnetonka
Minnesota 55305

Code)



 including
area code


the Exchange Act: None

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Act: 





        
Title
        of Each Class

Name
        of Each Exchange On
Which
        Registered

    
    

    
    



Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
Yes
|_|&nbsp;No |X|

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
&#9;Yes
|_|&nbsp;No |X|

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.


Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be
submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).


Indicate by check
mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III
of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.


Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting
company. See definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting
company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



    
    
    
    
    

    
(Do not check if a smaller
        reporting company)
    
    
    
    



Indicate by check mark whether the
Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).
Yes
|_|&nbsp;No |X|

The
aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $20
053
907 as of June 30
 2012
(computed by reference to the last sale price of a share of the registrant&rsquo;s Common Stock on that date as reported by OTC
Bulletin Board).

There were 47
979
990
shares outstanding of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock as of March 27
 2013.





    
    



CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS


discussion to inform our existing and potential security holders generally of some of the risks and uncertainties that can affect
our company and to take advantage of the &ldquo;safe harbor&rdquo; protection for forward-looking statements that applicable federal
securities law affords.


 our
management or persons acting on our behalf may make forward-looking statements to inform existing and potential security holders
about our company. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this report regarding our financial position
business strategy
 plans and objectives of management for future operations and industry conditions are forward-looking statements.
When used in this report
 forward-looking statements are generally accompanied by terms or phrases such as &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo;
&ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;predict
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;target
&rdquo;
&ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;seek
&rdquo; &ldquo;goal
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;may&rdquo;
or other words and similar expressions that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. Items making assumptions regarding
actual or potential future sales
 market size
 collaborations
 trends or operating results also constitute such forward-looking
statements.


involve inherent risks and uncertainties
 and important factors (many of which are beyond our control) that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements include the following:




low trading volume and illiquidity of our common stock
 and possible application of the SEC&rsquo;s penny stock rules;





material defaults on monetary obligations owed us
 resulting in unexpected losses;

inadequate capital to acquire working interests in oil and gas prospects and to participate in the drilling and production
of oil and other hydrocarbons;



failure to discover or produce commercial quantities of oil
 natural gas or other hydrocarbons;

cost overruns incurred on our oil and gas prospects
 causing unexpected operating deficits;







litigation
 disputes and legal claims involving outside parties; and




statements on our current expectations and assumptions about future events. While our management considers these expectations and
assumptions to be reasonable
 they are inherently subject to significant business
 economic
 competitive
 regulatory and other
risks and uncertainties
 most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Accordingly
 results
actually achieved may differ materially from expected results in these statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of
the date they are made. You should consider carefully the statements in &ldquo;Item 1A. Risk Factors&rdquo; and other sections
of this report
 which describe factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those set forth in the forward-looking
statements.


place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date of this report. We assume no obligation
to update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this report
other than as may be required by applicable law or regulation. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures
made by us in our reports filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) which attempt
to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business
 financial condition
 results of operation and
cash flows. If one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize
 or if the underlying assumptions prove incorrect
 our actual
results may vary materially from those expected or projected.


    
    







    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 &nbsp;Related Stockholder Matters
 and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Directors
 Executive Officers
 and Corporate Governance
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
    

    
    



    
    









gas exploration and production company. Our properties are located in North Dakota and Montana. Our corporate strategy is the acquisition
exploration
 development and production of crude oil and natural gas properties
 primarily in the Bakken and Three Forks trends
in North Dakota and Montana. As of December 31
 2012
 we controlled the rights to mineral leases covering approximately 12
256
net acres for prospective drilling to the Bakken and/or Three Forks formations. Looking forward
 we are pursuing the following
objectives:




access appropriate capital markets to fund continued acreage acquisition
and drilling activities;










 2012
we changed our name to Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. Our common stock is still traded on the OTCBB under the trading symbol &ldquo;ANFC.&rdquo;






our former parent company prior to our spin off. These historical assets relate to our former parent company&rsquo;s business as
WPT Enterprises
 Inc.
 when it created internationally branded products through the development
 production and marketing of televised
programming based on gaming themes. The primary historical gaming asset was our license agreement with Peerless Media
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Peerless&rdquo;)
and ElectraWorks
 Ltd. (&ldquo;ElectraWorks&rdquo;)
 subsidiaries of PartyGaming
 PLC (collectively &ldquo;PartyGaming&rdquo;)
an international online casino gaming company. On July 9
 2012
 we formed a wholly-owned subsidiary in the state of Nevada called
Poker Interest
 LLC. Commensurate with the formation of this entity we assigned all rights and obligations obtained pursuant to
an Asset Purchase Agreement
 dated August 24
 2009 from Peerless to this newly formed entity. On September 27
 2012
 the Company
entered into a settlement agreement with Peerless/ElectraWorks to settle claims regarding their performance under the license agreement.
Under the settlement agreement Peerless/ElectraWorks has paid the Company $11.0 million in two installments of $5.5 million on
October 30
 2012 and December 17
 2012
 and is obligated to pay the Company another $2.5 million on or before December 31
 2013.
In addition
 Peerless/ElectraWorks will make payments to the Company upon certain contingencies related to the passage of federal
or state legislation permitting real money online poker and Peerless/ElectraWorks or one of their affiliates obtaining such a license.
The maximum amount of these contingent payments is $6.5 million with the amount determined based on how such legislation is enacted.
Under the settlement agreement the Company has released its rights to the royalty stream and no further payments are due from Peerless/ElectraWorks
other than those set forth in the settlement agreement.


fees of $1.84 million as well as various costs out of the Peerless /Electra settlement proceeds and is obligated to pay an additional
$160
000 in attorneys&rsquo; fee upon receipt of the remaining $2.5 million due from Peerless/ElectraWorks. In addition
 as a result
of an incentive arrangement with the Company&rsquo;s former President
 Chief Executive Officer and Secretary
 Steve Lipscomb that
was approved by WPT Enterprises
 Inc.&rsquo;s Board of Directors in February 2009
 Mr. Lipscomb is receiving 5% of the settlement
payments
 net of attorneys&rsquo; fees and other costs as such amounts are received by the Company.


    
    





 2012
 the
Company and other parties entered into a settlement agreement with Deloitte &amp; Touche
 LLP (&quot;Deloitte &amp; Touche&quot;)
to settle all claims between the parties arising out of the case of WPT Enterprises
 Inc. v. Deloitte &amp; Touche
 before the
Superior Court of the State of California
 County of Los Angeles (the &quot;Litigation&quot;). The claims in the Litigation were
assigned to the Company as part of the Company&rsquo;s distribution (spin-off) agreement with Ante4
 Inc. On November 1
 2012
after satisfying obligations to various parties
 including litigation counsel
 the Company received $5.4 million of net proceeds
under the settlement agreement as its share of the settlement proceeds. The parties have agreed to stipulate to the dismissal of
the Litigation and to a mutual release of all claims.




into the state of Nevada on December 10
 2012. Our Board approved resolutions authorizing the Company to reincorporate into Nevada.
Our stockholders also approved the reincorporation by written consent.




authorizing the Company to implement a reverse stock split of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding shares of Common Stock at a ratio
of up to 1:10 and any related amendment to the Company&rsquo;s certificate of incorporation. Our stockholders have also approved
the amendment by written consent.


or a committee of the Board of Directors has the authority to decide whether to implement a reverse stock split and the exact amount
of the split within the foregoing range
 if it is to be implemented. If the reverse split is implemented
 the number of issued
and outstanding shares of Common Stock would be reduced in accordance with the exchange ratio selected by the Board of Directors
or a committee thereof. The total number of authorized shares of Common Stock will be reduced proportionately as a result of the
reverse stock split and the total number of shares of authorized preferred stock will remain unchanged at 20
000
000 shares.


split would
 among other things
 (i) better enable the Company to obtain a listing on a national securities exchange
 (ii) facilitate
higher levels of institutional stock ownership
 where investment policies generally prohibit investments in lower-priced securities
and (iii) better enable the Company to raise funds to finance its planned operations. There can be no assurance however that we
will be able to obtain a listing on a national securities exchange even if we implement the reverse stock split.

AS OF THE DATE OF THIS FILING
 OUR BOARD
HAS NOT TAKEN ANY ACTION TO MAKE THE POTENTIAL REVERSE STOCK SPLIT EFFECTIVE.




is the acquisition
 exploration
 development and production of crude oil and natural gas properties
 primarily in the Bakken and
Three Forks trends in North Dakota and Montana. As of March 15
 2013
 we controlled approximately 12
971 net acres in the Williston
Basin. In addition
 the Company owned working interests in 91 gross wells representing 3.20 net wells that are preparing to drill
drilling
 awaiting completion
 complete or producing.


in which we may have control of the drilling unit. We currently anticipate selling or trading some or all of our interest in these
properties in order to relinquish controlling interest to an operator capable of developing the properties.


have with partners on the ground in the Williston Basin region
 we believe that we are able to create value through
opportunistic acreage acquisitions. We believe our business model enhances our ability to identify and acquire high value
acreage in the rapidly expanding Bakken and Three Forks trends. Because we purchase smaller interests in multiple drilling
units
 we are able to diversify our risk across numerous wells. We believe that our prospective success revolves around our
ability to acquire mineral leases and participate in drilling activities by virtue of our ownership of such rights and
through the relationships we have developed with our operating partners.


    
    



interest partner
 we participate in drilling activities primarily on a heads-up basis. Before a well is spud
 an operator is required
to offer all mineral lease owners in the designated well spacing unit the right to participate in the drilling and production of
the well. Drilling costs and revenues from oil and gas sales are split pro-rata based on acreage ownership in the designated drilling
unit. We rely on our operator partners to identify specific drilling sites
 permit
 and engage in the drilling process. As a non-operator
we are focused on maintaining a low overhead structure.


through selectively targeting acquisition of acreage positions with attractive returns on the capital employed by evaluating
 amongst
other factors
 reserve potential
 operator performance
 anticipated well costs and anticipated operating expenses.


reserves were 2.4 million barrel of oil equivalents (BOE&rsquo;s) as of December 31
 2012 and 0.5 million barrel of oil equivalents
(BOE&rsquo;s) as of December 31
 2011.




in crude oil and natural gas exploration and production by participating on a pro-rata basis with operators in wells drilled and
completed in spacing units that include our acreage. We are generally a minority working interest owner in our wells. We typically
depend on drilling partners to propose
 permit and engage the drilling of wells. Prior to commencing drilling
 our partners are
required to provide all owners of mineral interests within the designated spacing unit the opportunity to participate in the drilling
costs and revenues of the well to the extent of their pro-rata share of such interest within the spacing unit. We will assess each
drilling opportunity on a case-by-case basis going forward. We will participate in wells that we expect to meet our return thresholds
based upon our estimates of ultimate recoverable crude oil and natural gas and other factors. In 2011 we participated in the drilling
of all new wells that included any of our acreage. In 2012 we participated in the drilling of all new wells that included any of
our acreage with the exception of two gross wells totaling 0.02 net wells. At present time
 we expect to participate in the majority
of the wells proposed to us
 but will decline drilling opportunities that we believe will not meet our return criteria over a long-term
horizon.


marketing activities internally
 but our operating partners generally market and sell crude oil and natural gas produced from wells
in which we have an interest. Our operating partners coordinate the transportation of our crude oil production from our wells to
appropriate pipelines pursuant to arrangements that such partners negotiate and maintain with various parties purchasing the production.
We understand that our partners generally sell our production to a variety of purchasers at prevailing market prices under separately
negotiated short-term contracts. The price at which production is sold generally is tied to the spot market for crude oil. Williston
Basin Light Sweet Crude from the Bakken source rock is generally 41-42 API crude oil and is readily accepted into the pipeline
infrastructure.




gas industry is intensely competitive
 and we compete with numerous other crude oil and natural gas exploration and production
companies. Most of these companies have substantially greater resources than we have. Our competitors not only explore for and
produce crude oil and natural gas
 but many also conduct midstream and refining operations and market petroleum products on a regional
national or worldwide basis. These additional operations may enable them to pay more for exploratory prospects and productive crude
oil and natural gas properties than us. They also may have more resources to define
 evaluate
 bid for and purchase a greater number
of properties and prospects than our financial or human resources permit.


competitors may have the resources to absorb the burden of existing and changing federal
 state
 and local laws and regulations
more easily than we can
 which would adversely affect our competitive position. Our ability to discover reserves and acquire additional
properties in the future will depend on our ability to evaluate and select suitable properties and to consummate transactions in
this highly competitive environment. In addition
 we may be at a disadvantage in acquiring crude oil and natural gas properties
and bidding for exploratory prospects because we have fewer financial and human resources than other companies in our industry.


    
    





and natural gas depends on factors beyond our control
 including the extent of domestic production and imports of crude oil and
natural gas
 the proximity and capacity of natural gas pipelines and other transportation facilities
 demand for crude oil and
natural gas
 the marketing of competitive fuels and the effects of state and federal regulation. The crude oil and natural gas
industry also competes with other industries in supplying the energy and fuel requirements of industrial
 commercial and individual
consumers.


is expected to be sold at prices tied to the spot crude oil markets. Our natural gas production is expected to be sold under short-term
contracts and priced based on first of the month index prices or on daily spot market prices. We rely on our operating partners
to market and sell our production. Our operating partners include a variety of exploration and production companies
 from large
publicly-traded companies to small
 privately-owned companies.

Principal Agreements Affecting Our Ordinary
Business


real estate
 but
 instead
 our acreage is comprised of leasehold interests subject to the terms of lease agreements that provide
our company the right to drill and maintain wells in specific geographic areas. All lease arrangements that comprise our acreage
positions are established using industry-standard terms that have been established and used in the crude oil and natural gas industry
in North Dakota. Most of our leases are acquired from other parties that obtained the original leasehold interest prior to our
acquisition of the leasehold interest.


 our lease
agreements stipulate three to five year terms including extension options. Bonuses and royalty rates are negotiated on a case-by-case
basis consistent with industry standard pricing. Once a well is drilled
 or production is established
 depending on the lease terms
the acreage in a well&rsquo;s drilling unit is considered &ldquo;held by production
&rdquo; meaning the lease on that particular
acreage continues as long as oil or gas is being produced. Generally
 other locations within the drilling unit created for a well
may also be drilled at any time with no time limit as long as the lease is held by production. In the event a lease is not developed
prior to lease expiration
 the Company completes an economic evaluation of the expiring lease and makes a strategic decision to
exercise an available option
 attempt to extend the lease
 or allow it to expire.&nbsp; As a result of these evaluations and taking
into consideration other acquisition opportunities available to the Company
 we anticipate some of our leases will expire prior
to being held by production.&nbsp; We did not have any leases expire in 2012.

Governmental Regulation and Environmental
Matters


to various rules
 regulations and limitations impacting the crude oil and natural gas exploration and production industry as a
whole.

Regulation of Crude Oil and Natural Gas
Production


gas exploration
 production and related operations
 when developed
 are subject to extensive rules and regulations promulgated
by federal
 state
 tribal and local authorities and agencies. For example
 North Dakota and Montana require permits for drilling
operations
 drilling bonds and reports concerning operations
 and impose other requirements relating to the exploration and production
of crude oil and natural gas. Such states may also have statutes or regulations addressing conservation matters
 including provisions
for the unitization or pooling of crude oil and natural gas properties
 the establishment of maximum rates of production from wells
and the regulation of spacing
 plugging and abandonment of such wells. Failure to comply with any such rules and regulations can
result in substantial penalties. The regulatory burden on the crude oil and natural gas industry will most likely increase our
cost of doing business and may affect our profitability. Although we believe we are currently in substantial compliance with all
applicable laws and regulations
 because such rules and regulations are frequently amended or reinterpreted
 we are unable to predict
the future cost or impact of complying with such laws. Significant expenditures may be required to comply with governmental laws
and regulations and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.




are subject to extensive and changing federal
 state and local laws and regulations relating to environmental protection
 including
the generation
 storage
 handling
 emission
 transportation and discharge of materials into the environment
 and relating to safety
and health. The recent trend in environmental legislation and regulation generally is toward stricter standards
 and this trend
will likely continue. These laws and regulations may:



    
    
    

    
    
limit or prohibit construction
 drilling and other activities on certain lands lying within wilderness and other protected areas; and

    
    
    



    
    



our operations may be subject to revocation
 modification and renewal by issuing authorities. Governmental authorities have the
power to enforce their regulations
 and violations are subject to fines and injunctions. In the opinion of management
 we are in
substantial compliance with current applicable environmental laws and regulations
 and have no material commitments for capital
expenditures to comply with existing environmental requirements. Nevertheless
 changes in existing environmental laws and regulations
or in interpretations of them could have a significant impact on our company
 as well as the crude oil and natural gas industry
in general.


Response
 Compensation
 and Liability Act (&ldquo;CERCLA&rdquo;) and comparable state statutes impose strict
 joint and several
liability on owners and operators of sites and on persons who disposed of or arranged for the disposal of &ldquo;hazardous substances&rdquo;
found at such sites. It is not uncommon for the neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal injury
and property damage allegedly caused by the hazardous substances released into the environment. The Federal Resource Conservation
and Recovery Act (&ldquo;RCRA&rdquo;) and comparable state statutes govern the disposal of &ldquo;solid waste&rdquo; and &ldquo;hazardous
waste&rdquo;
 and authorize the imposition of substantial fines and penalties for noncompliance. Although CERCLA currently excludes
petroleum from its definition of &ldquo;hazardous substance
&rdquo; state laws affecting our operations may impose clean-up liability
relating to petroleum and petroleum related products. In addition
 although RCRA classifies certain crude oil field wastes as &ldquo;non-hazardous
&rdquo;
such exploration and production wastes could be reclassified as hazardous wastes thereby making such wastes subject to more stringent
handling and disposal requirements.


Act (&ldquo;ESA&rdquo;) seeks to ensure that activities do not jeopardize endangered or threatened animal
 fish and plant species
nor destroy or modify the critical habitat of such species. Under ESA
 exploration and production operations
 as well as actions
by federal agencies
 may not significantly impair or jeopardize the species or its habitat. ESA provides for criminal penalties
for willful violations of the Act. Other statutes that provide protection to animal and plant species and that may apply to our
operations include
 but are not necessarily limited to
 the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act
 the Fishery Conservation and Management
Act
 the Migratory Bird Treaty Act and the National Historic Preservation Act. Although we believe that our operations will be
in substantial compliance with such statutes
 any change in these statutes or any reclassification of a species as endangered could
subject our company to significant expenses or could force our company to discontinue certain operations.



 2012
the EPA finalized rules originally proposed in 2011 establishing new air emission controls for oil and natural gas production and
natural gas processing operations. The EPA&rsquo;s rule package includes standards to address hazardous air pollutants frequently
associated with oil and natural gas production and processing activities. The rules establish specific new requirements regarding
emissions from compressors
 dehydrators
 storage tanks and other production equipment. In addition
 the rules revise leak detection
requirements for natural gas processing plants. These rules may require a number of modifications to the operations of our third-party
operating partners
 including the installation of new equipment to control emissions from compressors. Although we cannot predict
the cost to comply with these new requirements at this point
 compliance with these new rules could result in significant costs
including increased capital expenditures and operating costs
 and could adversely impact our business.


Control Act of 1972
 or the Clean Water Act (the &ldquo;CWA&rdquo;)
 imposes restrictions and controls on the discharge of produced
waters and other pollutants into navigable waters. Permits must be obtained to discharge pollutants into state and federal waters
and to conduct construction activities in waters and wetlands. The CWA and certain state regulations prohibit the discharge of
produced water
 sand
 drilling fluids
 drill cuttings
 sediment and certain other substances related to the oil and gas industry
into certain coastal and offshore waters without an individual or general National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System discharge
permit. In addition
 the Clean Water Act and analogous state laws require individual permits or coverage under general permits
for discharges of storm water runoff from certain types of facilities. Some states also maintain groundwater protection programs
that require permits for discharges or operations that may impact groundwater conditions. Costs may be associated with the treatment
of wastewater and/or developing and implementing storm water pollution prevention plans. The CWA and comparable state statutes
provide for civil
 criminal and administrative penalties for unauthorized discharges of oil and other pollutants and impose liability
on parties responsible for those discharges
 for the costs of cleaning up any environmental damage caused by the release and for
natural resource damages resulting from the release.


of oil and natural gas wastes are regulated by the Underground Injection Control program authorized by the Safe Drinking Water
Act. The primary objective of injection well operating requirements is to ensure the mechanical integrity of the injection apparatus
and to prevent migration of fluids from the injection zone into underground sources of drinking water. Substantially all of the
oil and natural gas production in which we have interest is developed from unconventional sources that require hydraulic fracturing
as part of the completion process. Hydraulic fracturing involves the injection of water
 sand and chemicals under pressure into
the formation to stimulate gas production. Legislation to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to repeal the exemption for hydraulic
fracturing from the definition of &ldquo;underground injection&rdquo; and require federal permitting and regulatory control of
hydraulic fracturing
 as well as legislative proposals to require disclosure of the chemical constituents of the fluids used in
the fracturing process
 were proposed in recent sessions of Congress. The U.S. Congress continues to consider legislation to amend
the Safe Drinking Water Act to subject hydraulic fracturing operations to regulation under the Act&rsquo;s Underground Injection
Control Program to require disclosure of chemicals used in the hydraulic fracturing process.


fracturing activities continues in other ways. The federal government is currently undertaking several studies of hydraulic fracturing&rsquo;s
potential impacts. Several states
 including Montana and North Dakota where our properties are located
 have also proposed or adopted
legislative or regulatory restrictions on hydraulic fracturing. We cannot predict whether any other legislation will ever be enacted
and if so
 what its provisions would be. If additional levels of regulation and permits were required through the adoption of new
laws and regulations at the federal or state level
 which could lead to delays
 increased operating costs and process prohibitions
that would materially adversely affect our revenue and results of operations.


or NEPA
 establishes a national environmental policy and goals for the protection
 maintenance and enhancement of the environment
and provides a process for implementing these goals within federal agencies. A major federal agency action having the potential
to significantly impact the environment requires review under NEPA. Many of the activities of our third-party operating partners
are covered under categorical exclusions which results in a shorter NEPA review process. The Council on Environmental Quality
has announced an intention to reinvigorate NEPA reviews and on March 12
 2012
 issued final guidance that may result in longer
review processes that could lead to delays and increased costs that could materially adversely affect our revenues and results
of operations.


    
    





research have been devoted to climate change and global warming
 and climate change has developed into a major political issue
in the United States and globally. Certain research suggests that greenhouse gas emissions contribute to climate change and pose
a threat to the environment. Recent scientific research and political debate has focused in part on carbon dioxide and methane
incidental to crude oil and natural gas exploration and production. Many states and the federal government have enacted legislation
directed at controlling greenhouse gas emissions. Future legislation and regulation could impose additional restrictions in connection
with our drilling and production activities and favor use of alternative energy sources
 which could increase operating costs and
reduce demand for crude oil products. As such
 our business could be materially adversely affected by domestic and international
legislation targeted at controlling climate change.




full time employees: our chief executive officer
 chief financial officer
 vice president of land
 corporate controller and a staff
accountant. Our chief executive officer
 Kenneth DeCubellis
 is responsible for all material policy-making decisions
 with the
support of James Moe
 our chief financial officer. As drilling and production activities continue to increase
 we may hire additional
technical or administrative personnel as appropriate. We are using and will continue to use the services of independent consultants
and contractors to perform various professional services
 particularly in the area of land services and reservoir engineering.
We believe that this use of third-party service providers enhances our ability to contain general and administrative expenses.




located at 10275 Wayzata Boulevard
 Suite 310
 Minnetonka
 Minnesota 55305. Our office space consists of approximately 1
142 square
feet leased pursuant to a lease agreement that commenced on May 1
 2012 on a month to month basis. The owner of the building in
which we are located is a company wholly owned by our chairman of the board of directors.

Financial Information about Segments and
Geographic Areas


our operations into geographic areas given the fact that all of our production activities occur within the Williston Basin in North
Dakota and Montana.

Available Information &ndash; Reports to
Security Holders


www.blackridgeoil.com. We make available on this website
 free of charge
 our annual reports on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on
Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports after we electronically file those materials with
 or furnish
those materials to
 the SEC. These filings are also available to the public at the SEC&rsquo;s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
NE
 Room 1580
 Washington
 DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling
the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Electronic filings with the SEC are also available on the SEC internet website at www.sec.gov.


our Audit Committee Charter and our Code of Ethics
 in addition to all pertinent company contact information.





As a non-operator
 our development of
successful operations relies extensively on third-parties who
 if not successful
 could have a material adverse effect on our results
of operation.


in wells operated by third-parties. Our current ability to develop successful business operations depends on the success of our
consultants and drilling partners. As a result
 we do not control the timing or success of the development
 exploitation
 production
and exploration activities relating to our leasehold interests. If our consultants and drilling partners are not successful in
such activities relating to our leasehold interests
 or are unable or unwilling to perform
 our financial condition and results
of operations would be materially adversely affected.


We currently anticipate selling or trading some of the acres within
these properties in order for our ownership to be reduced so that we would not have control of the drilling unit or entering into
other arrangements in order to not be the operator of such drilling units. Since we do not have the ability to operate the drilling
unit
 if we are unable to sell or trade these properties or enter into other arrangement with a potential operator of the drilling
units
 the lease could lapse or we would be required to incur significant additional costs to operate the drilling unit.


    
    


The possibility of a global financial
crisis may significantly impact our business and financial condition for the foreseeable future.


and related turmoil in the global financial system may adversely impact our business and our financial condition
 and we may face
challenges if conditions in the financial markets do not improve. Our ability to access the capital markets may be restricted at
a time when we would like
 or need
 to raise financing
 which could have a material negative impact on our flexibility to react
to changing economic and business conditions. The economic situation could have a material negative impact on operators upon whom
we are dependent for drilling our wells
 our lenders or customers
 causing them to fail to meet their obligations to us. Additionally
market conditions could have a material negative impact on potential future crude oil hedging arrangements if our counterparties
are unable to perform their obligations or seek bankruptcy protection. We believe we will need additional capital and financing
to fund our future land acquisitions and drilling. There is no assurance that additional capital or financing will be available
to us on terms that are acceptable to us or at all.

We may be unable to obtain the additional
capital that we need to implement our business plan
 which could restrict our ability to grow.


$20 million revolving credit facility (of which $16.5 million is currently available) secured by substantially all of our assets
but that credit facility may not be available to us if we are not in compliance with its terms and conditions. We had drawn a net
$5
748
844 as of December 31
 2012 and had no additional draws through March 15
 2013. We will require additional capital to continue
to grow our business through acquisitions and to further expand our exploration and development programs. We may be unable to obtain
additional capital or financing if and when required
 or upon terms that are acceptable to us. Future acquisitions and future exploration
development
 production and marketing activities
 as well as our administrative requirements will require a substantial amount
of capital and cash flow. We may pursue sources of additional capital through various financing transactions or arrangements
 including
joint venturing of projects
 debt financing
 equity financing or other means. We also expect to seek equity financing to finance
our expected drilling and completion costs. We may not be successful in identifying suitable financing transactions in the time
period required or at all
 and we may not obtain the capital we require by other means. If we do not succeed in raising additional
capital
 our resources may not be sufficient to fund our planned expansion of operations in the future.


raised through the sale of equity would dilute the ownership percentage of our shareholders. Raising any such capital could also
result in a decrease in the fair market value of our equity securities because our assets would be owned by a larger pool of outstanding
equity holders. The terms of securities we issue in future capital transactions may be more favorable to our new investors
 and
may include preferences
 superior voting rights and the issuance of other derivative securities. In addition
 we have granted and
will continue to grant equity incentive awards under our equity incentive plans
 which may have a further dilutive effect. Our
ability to obtain financing
 if and when necessary
 may be impaired by such factors as the capital markets (both generally and
in the crude oil and natural gas industry in particular)
 our limited operating history
 the location of our crude oil and natural
gas properties
 and prices of crude oil and natural gas on the commodities markets (which will impact the amount of asset-based
financing available to us) and the departure of key employees. Further
 if crude oil or natural gas prices on the commodities markets
decline
 our revenues will likely decrease and such decreased revenues may increase our requirements for capital. If the amount
of capital we are able to raise from financing activities
 together with our revenues from operations
 is not sufficient to satisfy
our capital needs (even to the extent that we reduce our operations)
 we may be required to cease our operations
 divest our assets
at unattractive prices or obtain financing on unattractive terms. We may incur substantial costs in pursuing future capital financing
including investment banking fees
 legal fees
 accounting fees
 securities law compliance fees
 printing and distribution expenses
and other costs. We may also be required to recognize non-cash expenses in connection with certain securities we may issue
 which
may adversely impact our financial condition.


    
    


We have a limited operating history and
may not be successful in becoming profitable.

We
have a limited operating history. Our business operations must be considered in light of the risks
 expenses and difficulties frequently
encountered in establishing a business in the crude oil and natural gas industries. We began to generate revenues from operations
during 2011
 and have incurred operating losses since our inception in April 2010. There can be no assurance that our business
operations will prove to be successful in the long-term. Our future operating results will depend on many factors
 including: our
ability to raise adequate working capital; success of our development and exploration; demand for natural gas and crude oil; the
level of our competition; our ability to attract and maintain key management and employees; and our ability to efficiently explore
develop and produce sufficient quantities of marketable natural gas or crude oil in a highly competitive and speculative environment
To sustain profitable operations in the future
we must
 alone or with others
 successfully manage these factors
 as well as continue to develop ways to enhance our production
efforts. Despite our best efforts
 we may not be successful in our exploration or development efforts
 or obtain required regulatory
approvals. There is a possibility that some of our wells may never produce natural gas or crude oil.

We are highly dependent on Kenneth DeCubellis
our chief executive officer
 and our other executive officer and employees. The loss of one or more of them
 upon whose knowledge
leadership and technical expertise we rely
 would harm our ability to execute our business plan.


upon (1) the continued contributions of Kenneth DeCubellis
 our chief executive officer
 whose knowledge
 leadership and technical
expertise would be difficult to replace
 with the support of James Moe
 our chief financial officer
 and (2) on our ability to
retain and attract experienced engineers
 geoscientists and other technical and professional consultants. If we were to lose their
services
 our ability to execute our business plan would be harmed and we may be forced to cease operations until such time as
we are able to suitably replace them. Any of our executive officers may terminate their employment with our company at any time.

Our lack of diversification will increase
the risk of an investment in our company
 and our financial condition and results of operations may deteriorate if we fail to diversify.


the crude oil and natural gas industry in a limited number of properties
 primarily in North Dakota and Montana. Larger companies
have the ability to manage their risk by diversification. We lack diversification in terms of both the nature and geographic scope
of our business. As a result
 we will likely be impacted more acutely by factors affecting our industry or the regions in which
we operate than we would if our business were more diversified
 increasing our risk profile. If we do not diversify our operations
our financial condition and results of operations could deteriorate.

Strategic relationships upon which we
may rely are subject to change
 which may diminish our ability to conduct our operations.


acquire additional properties
 to increase our reserves
 to participate in drilling opportunities and to identify and enter into
commercial arrangements with customers will depend on developing and maintaining close working relationships with industry participants.
Our success will also depend on our ability to select and evaluate suitable properties and to consummate transactions in a highly
competitive environment. These realities are subject to change and our inability to maintain close working relationships with industry
participants or continue to acquire suitable properties may impair our ability to execute our business plan.


our business
 we will use the business relationships of our management and develop new relationships to enter into strategic relationships.
These relationships may take the form of mineral lease purchase agreements
 joint ventures
 joint operating agreements
 referral
agreements and other contractual arrangements with outside individuals and crude oil and natural gas companies. We may not be able
to establish these strategic relationships
 or if established
 we may not be able to maintain them. In addition
 the dynamics of
our relationships with strategic partners may require us to incur expenses or undertake activities that we would not otherwise
be inclined to do independent of these strategic relationships. If sufficient strategic relationships are not established and maintained
our business prospects
 financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.


    
    


Competition in obtaining rights to explore
and develop crude oil and natural gas reserves and to market our production may impair our business.


gas industry is highly competitive. Other crude oil and natural gas companies may seek to acquire crude oil and natural gas leases
and other properties and services we will need to operate our business in the areas in which we expect to operate. This competition
is increasingly intense as commodity prices of crude oil have continued to remain at levels that make oil and gas production in
our area of operation viable. Additionally
 other companies engaged in our line of business may compete with us from time to time
in obtaining capital from investors. Competitors include larger companies which
 in particular
 may have access to greater resources
may be more successful in the recruitment and retention of qualified employees and may conduct their own refining and petroleum
marketing operations
 which may give them a competitive advantage. In addition
 actual or potential competitors may be strengthened
through the acquisition of additional assets and interests. If we are unable to compete effectively or respond adequately to competitive
pressures
 our results of operation and financial condition may be materially adversely affected.

We have a history of losses which may
continue and negatively impact our ability to achieve our business objectives.


911
410
in the fiscal year ended December 31
 2012
 however before settlement income
 net of settlement expenses and related income taxes
the Company had a loss of approximately $1
444
485 (see Item 7 &ndash; Managements&rsquo; Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations - Non-GAAP Financial Measures). We incurred net losses of $2
482
255 for the fiscal year ended
December 31
 2011. We cannot assure you that we can achieve or sustain profitability on a quarterly or annual basis in the future.
Our operations are subject to the risks and competition inherent in the oil and natural gas industry. We cannot assure you that
future operations will be profitable. Revenues and profits
 if any
 will depend upon various factors
 including whether we will
be able to expand our revenues. We may not achieve our business objectives and the failure to achieve such goals would have an
adverse impact on our business
 financial condition and result of operations.

Downward adjustments in our proved reserve
estimates and lower oil and natural gas prices may cause us to record ceiling test write-downs.


of accounting to account for our oil and natural gas operations. Accordingly
 we capitalize the cost to acquire
 explore for and
develop oil and natural gas properties. Under full cost accounting rules
 the net capitalized costs of oil and natural gas properties
may not exceed a &ldquo;full cost ceiling&rdquo; which is based upon the present value of estimated future net cash flows from
proved reserves
 including the effect of hedges in place
 discounted at 10%
 plus the lower of cost or fair market value of unproved
properties. If at the end of any fiscal period we determine that the net capitalized costs of oil and natural gas properties exceed
the full cost ceiling
 we must charge the amount of the excess to earnings in the period then ended. This is called a &ldquo;ceiling
test write-down.&rdquo; This charge does not impact cash flow from operating activities
 but does reduce our net income and stockholders&rsquo;
equity. We recognized a ceiling test write-down of $2.4 million for the year ended December 31
 2011 due to a downward adjustment
in our proved reserve estimate primarily associated with an adjustment to one well in which we own a large percentage. The Company
incurred an impairment charge primarily due to this well&rsquo;s substantially reduced production levels since resuming production.
We did not incur a ceiling test write-down for the year ended December 31
 2012. We may recognize additional write-downs in the
future if commodity prices decline or if we experience substantial downward adjustments to our estimated proved reserves.

We may not be able to effectively manage
our growth
 which may harm our profitability.


the expansion of our business. If we fail to effectively manage our growth
 our financial results could be adversely affected.
Growth may place a strain on our management systems and resources. We must continue to refine and expand our business capabilities
our systems and processes and our access to financing sources. As we grow
 we must continue to hire
 train
 supervise and manage
new employees. We cannot assure that we will be able to:



    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    




    
    
    

    
    
identify and engage qualified employees and consultants
 or retain valued employees and consultants; or

    
    
    



our growth
 our financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.

We may engage in hedging activities that
could result in financial losses
 which may adversely affect investments in our common stock.


arrangements from time-to-time to hedge our expected production depending on reserves and market conditions. While intended to
reduce the effects of volatile crude oil and natural gas prices
 such transactions may limit our potential gains and increase our
potential losses if crude oil and natural gas prices were to rise substantially over the price established by the hedge. In addition
such transactions may expose us to the risk of loss in certain circumstances
 including instances in which our production is less
than expected
 there is a widening of price differentials between delivery points for our production
 or the counterparties to
our hedging agreements fail to perform under the contracts. In addition
 the Dodd-Frank Act includes provisions relating to derivative
contracts. While the ultimate impact of the Dodd-Frank Act on our derivatives activities is not known
 it could ultimately have
an adverse impact on us.



Crude oil and natural gas prices are
very volatile. A protracted period of depressed crude oil and natural gas prices may adversely affect our business
 financial condition
results of operations and cash flows.


gas markets are very volatile
 and we cannot predict future crude oil and natural gas prices. The price we receive for our crude
oil and natural gas production heavily influences our revenue
 profitability
 access to capital and future rate of growth. The
prices we receive for our production and the levels of our production depend on numerous factors beyond our control. These factors
include
 but are not limited to
 the following:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



and credit crisis reduced the availability of liquidity and credit to fund the continuation and expansion of industrial business
operations worldwide. The shortage of liquidity and credit combined with recent substantial losses in worldwide equity markets
led to a worldwide economic recession. The slowdown in economic activity caused by future similar recessions could reduce worldwide
demand for energy resulting in lower crude oil and natural gas prices and restrict our access to liquidity and credit. Lower crude
oil and natural gas prices may not only decrease our revenues on a per unit basis but also may reduce the amount of crude oil and
natural gas that we can produce economically
 potentially lowering our reserves. A substantial or extended decline in crude oil
or natural gas prices may result in impairments of our proved crude oil and natural gas properties and may materially and adversely
affect our future business
 financial condition
 results of operations
 liquidity or ability to finance planned capital expenditures.
To the extent commodity prices received from production are insufficient to fund planned capital expenditures; we will be required
to reduce spending or borrow to cover any such shortfall. Lower crude oil and natural gas prices may also reduce our ability to
borrow or obtain credit to finance our operations.


    
    


Drilling for and producing crude oil
and natural gas are high risk activities with many uncertainties and may not be commercially successful
 and the advanced technologies
we use cannot eliminate exploration risk.


depend on the success of our development
 production and exploration activities. Our crude oil and natural gas exploration and
production activities are subject to numerous risks beyond our control; including the risk that drilling will not result in commercially
viable crude oil or natural gas production. These risks are more acute in the early stages of exploration. Our decisions to purchase
explore
 develop or otherwise exploit prospects or properties will depend in part on the evaluation of data obtained through geophysical
and geological analyses
 production data and engineering studies
 the results of which are often inconclusive or subject to varying
interpretations. Our cost of drilling
 completing and operating wells is often uncertain before drilling commences. Overruns in
budgeted expenditures are common risks that can make a particular project uneconomical. Our expenditures on exploration may not
result in new discoveries of crude oil or natural gas in commercially viable quantities. Projecting the costs of implementing an
exploratory drilling program is difficult due to the inherent uncertainties of drilling in unknown formations
 the costs associated
with encountering various drilling conditions
 such as over-pressured zones and tools lost in the hole
 and changes in drilling
plans and locations as a result of prior exploratory wells or additional seismic data. Even when used and properly interpreted
three-dimensional (3-D) seismic data and visualization techniques only assist geoscientists in identifying subsurface structures
and hydrocarbon indicators. Such data and techniques do not allow the interpreter to know conclusively if hydrocarbons are present
or economically producible. In addition
 the use of three-dimensional (3-D) seismic data becomes less reliable when used at increasing
depths. We could incur losses as a result of expenditures on unsuccessful wells. If exploration costs exceed our estimates
 or
if our exploration efforts do not produce results which meet our expectations
 our exploration efforts may not be commercially
successful
 which could adversely impact our ability to generate revenues from our operations. Further
 many factors may curtail
delay or cancel drilling
 including the following:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
shortages of or delays in obtaining qualified personnel or equipment
 including drilling rigs; 

    
    
    

    
    
adverse weather conditions
 such as freezing temperatures
 hurricanes and storms.



and gas wells
 we do not have sufficient control to manage these conditions
 and the risks from them cannot entirely be eliminated.
The presence of one or a combination of these factors at our properties could adversely affect our business
 financial condition
or results of operations.

We may not be able to develop crude oil
and natural gas reserves on an economically viable basis
 and our reserves and production may decline as a result.


 our
viability depends on our ability to find or acquire
 develop and commercially produce additional crude oil and natural gas reserves.
Even if we continue to succeed in discovering crude oil and/or natural gas reserves
 we cannot assure that these reserves will
be capable of production levels we project or in sufficient quantities to be commercially viable. Without the addition of reserves
through acquisition
 exploration or development activities
 our reserves and production will decline over time as reserves are
produced. Our future reserves will depend not only on our ability to develop then-existing properties
 but also on our ability
to identify and acquire additional suitable producing properties or prospects
 to find markets for the crude oil and natural gas
we develop and to effectively distribute our production into our markets. Future crude oil and natural gas exploration may involve
unprofitable efforts
 not only from dry wells
 but from wells that are productive but do not produce sufficient net revenues to
return a profit after drilling
 operating and other costs. There is no assurance that advanced technology in the oil and gas industry
such as three dimensional (3-D) seismic data and visualization techniques will result in the discovery of commercial quantities
of hydrocarbons. Completion of a well does not assure a profit on the investment or recovery of drilling
 completion and operating
costs. In addition
 drilling hazards or environmental damage could greatly increase the cost of operations
 and various field operating
conditions may adversely affect the production from successful wells. These conditions include delays in obtaining governmental
approvals or consents
 shut-downs of connected wells resulting from extreme weather conditions
 problems in storage and distribution
and adverse geological and mechanical conditions. As a non-operator of oil and gas wells
 we do not have sufficient control to
manage these conditions
 and the risks from them generally cannot entirely be eliminated. Therefore
 these conditions could diminish
our revenue and cash flow levels and result in the impairment of our crude oil and natural gas interests.


    
    


Estimates of crude oil and natural gas
reserves that we make may be inaccurate and our actual revenues may be lower than our financial projections.


oil and natural gas reserves
 upon which we base our financial projections. We make these reserve estimates using various assumptions
including assumptions as to crude oil and natural gas prices
 drilling and operating expenses
 capital expenditures
 taxes and
availability of funds. Some of these assumptions are inherently subjective
 and the accuracy of our reserve estimates relies in
part on the ability of our management team
 engineers and other advisors to make accurate assumptions. Economic factors beyond
our control
 such as crude oil and natural gas prices and interest rates
 will also impact the value of our reserves. Determining
the amount of crude oil and natural gas recoverable from various formations where we have exploration and production activities
involves great uncertainty. The process of estimating crude oil and natural gas reserves is complex and will require us to use
significant assumptions in the evaluation of available geological
 geophysical
 engineering and economic data for each property.
As a result
 our reserve estimates will be inherently imprecise. Actual future production
 crude oil and natural gas prices
 revenues
taxes
 development expenditures
 operating expenses and quantities of recoverable crude oil and natural gas reserves may vary substantially
from those we estimate. If actual production results vary substantially from our reserve estimates
 this could materially reduce
our revenues and result in the impairment of our crude oil and natural gas interests.

Drilling new wells could result in new
liabilities
 which could endanger our interests in our properties and assets.


with the drilling of crude oil and natural gas wells
 including encountering unexpected formations or pressures
 premature declines
of reservoirs
 blow-outs
 craterings
 sour gas releases
 fires and spills
 among others. The occurrence of any of these events
could significantly increase our costs or reduce our revenues or cause substantial losses
 impairing our future operating results.
We may become subject to liability for pollution
 blow-outs or other hazards. We may seek to maintain insurance (including insurance
maintained by our industry operators) with respect to these hazards; however
 such insurance has limitations on liability that
may not be sufficient to cover the full extent of such liabilities. The payment of such liabilities could reduce the funds available
to us or could
 in an extreme case
 result in a total loss of our properties and assets. Moreover
 we may not be able to maintain
adequate insurance in the future at rates that are considered reasonable. Crude oil and natural gas production operations are also
subject to all the risks typically associated with such operations
 including premature decline of reservoirs and the invasion
of water into producing formations.

Decommissioning costs are unknown and
may be substantial
 and unplanned costs could divert resources from other projects.


for costs associated with abandoning and reclaiming wells
 facilities and pipelines which we use for production of crude oil and
natural gas reserves. Abandonment and reclamation of these facilities and the costs associated therewith is often referred to as
&ldquo;decommissioning.&rdquo; We accrue a liability for decommissioning costs associated with our wells
 but have not established
any cash reserve account for these potential costs in respect of any of our properties. If decommissioning is required before economic
depletion of our properties or if our estimates of the costs of decommissioning exceed the value of the reserves remaining to cover
such decommissioning costs
 we may have to draw on funds from other sources to satisfy such costs. The use of other funds to satisfy
such decommissioning costs could impair our ability to focus capital investment in other areas of our business.


    
    


Our operating partners may have difficulty
distributing our production
 which could harm our financial condition.


oil and natural gas that we are able to produce
 the operators of our wells may have to make arrangements for storage and distribution
to the market. We will rely on local infrastructure and the availability of transportation for storage and shipment of our products
but infrastructure development and storage and transportation facilities may be insufficient for our needs at commercially acceptable
terms in the localities in which we operate. This situation could be particularly problematic to the extent that our operations
are conducted in remote areas that are difficult to access
 such as areas that are distant from shipping and/or pipeline facilities.
These factors may affect our ability to explore and develop properties and to store and transport our crude oil and natural gas
production
 increasing our expenses. Furthermore
 weather conditions or natural disasters
 actions by companies doing business
in one or more of the areas in which we will operate
 or labor disputes may impair the distribution of crude oil and/or natural
gas and in turn diminish our financial condition or ability to maintain our operations.

Environmental risks may adversely affect
our business.


oil and natural gas business present environmental risks and hazards and are subject to environmental regulation pursuant to a
variety of federal
 state and municipal laws and regulations. Environmental legislation provides for
 among other things
 restrictions
and prohibitions on spills
 releases or emissions of various substances produced in association with crude oil and natural gas
operations. The legislation also requires that wells and facility sites be operated
 maintained
 abandoned and reclaimed to the
satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities. Compliance with such legislation can require significant expenditures
 and a
breach may result in the imposition of fines and penalties
 some of which may be material. Environmental legislation is evolving
in a manner we expect may result in stricter standards and enforcement
 larger fines and liability and potentially increased capital
expenditures and operating costs. The discharge of crude oil
 natural gas or other pollutants into the air
 soil or water may give
rise to liabilities to governments and third parties and may require us to incur costs to remedy such discharge. The application
of environmental laws to our business may cause us to curtail our production or increase the costs of our production
 development
or exploration activities.

Our business will suffer if we cannot
obtain or maintain necessary licenses.


licenses
 permits and in some cases renewals of licenses and permits from various governmental authorities. Our ability (or the
ability of our industry operators) to obtain
 sustain or renew such licenses and permits on acceptable terms is subject to change
in regulations and policies and to the discretion of the applicable governmental authorities
 among other factors. Our inability
to obtain
 or our loss of or denial of extension of
 any of these licenses or permits could hamper our ability to produce revenues
from our operations or otherwise materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

Challenges to our properties may impact
our financial condition.


natural gas interests is often not capable of conclusive determination without incurring substantial expense. While we intend to
make appropriate inquiries into the title of properties and other development rights we acquire
 title defects may exist. In addition
we may be unable to obtain adequate insurance for title defects on a commercially reasonable basis or at all. If title defects
do exist
 it is possible that we may lose all or a portion of our right
 title and interests in and to the properties to which
the title defects relate. If our property rights are reduced
 our ability to conduct our exploration
 development and production
activities may be impaired. To mitigate title problems
 operators of the drilling units that we have an interest in follow common
industry practice of obtaining a title opinion from a qualified crude oil and natural gas attorney prior to the drilling operations
of a well.

We will rely on technology to conduct
our business
 and our technology could become ineffective or obsolete.


including geographic and seismic analysis techniques and economic models
 to develop our reserve estimates and to guide our acquisition
exploration
 development and production activities. We will be required to continually access enhanced and updated technology to
maintain our capability and to avoid obsolescence. The costs of doing so may be substantial and may be higher than the costs that
we anticipate for technology maintenance and development. If we are unable to maintain the technology available to us
 our ability
to manage our business and to compete may be impaired. Further
 even if we are able to maintain technical effectiveness
 such technology
may not be the most efficient means of reaching our objectives
 in which case we may incur higher operating costs than we would
were our technology more efficient.


    
    





government regulations could subject us to civil and criminal penalties
 could require us to forfeit property rights
 and may affect
the value of our assets. We may also be required to take corrective actions
 such as installing additional equipment or taking
other actions
 each of which could require us to make substantial capital expenditures. We could also be required to indemnify
our employees in connection with any expenses or liabilities that they may incur individually in connection with regulatory action
against them. As a result
 our future business prospects could deteriorate due to regulatory constraints
 and our profitability
could be impaired by our obligation to provide such indemnification to our employees.

Federal or state hydraulic fracturing legislation could increase
our costs or restrict our access to oil and natural gas reserves.


fluids other than diesel is currently exempt from regulation under the federal Safe Drinking Water Act
 but opponents of hydraulic
fracturing have called for further study of the technique&rsquo;s environmental effects and
 in some cases
 a moratorium on the
use of the technique. Several bills have been offered in Congress that
 if implemented
 would subject all hydraulic fracturing
to regulation under the Safe Drinking Water Act and require disclosure of materials used in the hydraulic fracturing process. Congress
has also directed the EPA&rsquo;s Office of Research and Development (ORD) to investigate the possible relationships between hydraulic

Report
 but the information gathered to date cannot be used to draw scientific conclusions.
Technical workshops and roundtables are scheduled for 2013
 and a draft report of study results is expected in late 2014. Further
under the federal Clean Water Act
 the EPA is currently developing standards for treating wastewater produced by natural gas extraction
from underground shale formations. The EPA plans to publish a proposed rule in 2014. Several states are considering legislation
to regulate hydraulic fracturing practices
 including restrictions on its use in environmentally sensitive areas. Some municipalities
have significantly limited or prohibited drilling activities
 or are considering doing so.


predict the final outcome of the ORD&rsquo;s study or the requirements of any additional federal or state legislation or regulation
regarding hydraulic fracturing
 any new federal or state
 or local restrictions on hydraulic fracturing that may be imposed in
areas in which we conduct business
 such as the Bakken and Three Forks areas
 could significantly increase our operating
 capital
and compliance costs as well as delay or halt our ability to develop oil and natural gas reserves.



The market price of our common stock
is
 and is likely to continue to be
 highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations.


common stock is likely to continue to be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a number of factors
some of which are beyond our control
 including but not limited to:



    
    
dilution caused by our issuance of additional shares of common stock and other forms of equity securities
 which we expect to make in connection with future capital financings to fund our operations and growth
 to attract and retain valuable personnel and in connection with future strategic partnerships with other companies;

    
    
announcements of new acquisitions
 reserve discoveries or other business initiatives by us or our competitors;



    
    




    
    
our ability to take advantage of new acquisitions
 reserve discoveries or other business initiatives;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
changes in the demand for crude oil and natural gas
 including changes resulting from economic conditions
 governmental regulation or the introduction or expansion of alternative fuels;

    
    
    

    
    
changes in the valuation of similarly situated companies
 both in our industry and in other industries;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
changes in analysts&rsquo; estimates affecting our company
 our competitors and/or our industry;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
significant sales of our common stock
 including sales by selling shareholders following the registration of shares under a prospectus.



are largely beyond our control
 and the impact of these risks
 singly or in the aggregate
 may result in material adverse changes
to the market price of our common stock and our results of operations and financial condition.

Our operating results may fluctuate significantly
and these fluctuations may cause the price of our common stock to decline.


likely vary in the future primarily as the result of fluctuations in our revenues and operating expenses
 including the coming
to market of crude oil and natural gas reserves that we are able to discover and develop
 expenses that we incur
 the prices of
crude oil and natural gas in the commodities markets and other factors. If our results of operations do not meet the expectations
of current or potential investors
 the price of our common stock may decline.

Shareholders will experience dilution
upon the exercise of options and issuance of common stock under our incentive plans.


 2012
we had options for 4
149
001 shares of common stock outstanding under our 2012 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan. Our 2012
Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan permits us to issue up to 7
500
000 shares of our common stock either upon exercise of
stock options granted under such plan or through restricted stock awards under such plan. If the holders of outstanding options
exercise those options or our compensation committee or full board of directors determines to grant additional stock awards under
our incentive plan
 shareholders may experience dilution in the net tangible book value of our common stock. In addition
 4
463
375
shares of our common stock may be issued upon the exercise of warrants held by certain of our stockholders. If the stockholders
exercise their warrants
 shareholders may experience dilution in the net tangible book value of our common stock. Further
 the
sale or availability for sale of the underlying shares in the marketplace as a result of the exercise of existing options
 the
grant of additional options
 and the exercise of the warrants could depress our stock price.

We do not expect to pay dividends in
the foreseeable future.


dividends for the foreseeable future
 as we anticipate that we will reinvest any future earnings in the development and growth
of our business. In addition
 our current revolving credit facility
 and other debt arrangements we may enter into in the future
precludes us from paying dividends. Therefore
 investors will not receive any funds unless they sell their common stock
 and shareholders
may be unable to sell their shares on favorable terms or at all. Investors cannot be assured of a positive return on investment
or that they will not lose the entire amount of their investment in our common stock.


    
    


We may issue additional stock without
shareholder consent.


has authority
 without action or vote of the shareholders
 to issue all or part of our authorized but unissued shares. Additional
shares may be issued in connection with future financing
 acquisitions
 employee stock plans
 or otherwise. Any such issuance will
dilute the percentage ownership of existing shareholders. We are also currently authorized to issue up to 20
000
000 shares of
preferred stock. The board of directors can issue preferred stock in one or more series and fix the terms of such stock without
shareholder approval. Preferred stock may include the right to vote as a series on particular matters
 preferences as to dividends
and liquidation
 conversion and redemption rights and sinking fund provisions. The issuance of preferred stock could adversely
affect the rights of the holders of common stock and reduce the value of the common stock. In addition
 specific rights granted
to holders of preferred stock could discourage
 delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our company
 even
if doing so would benefit our shareholders. Such issuance could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you
and other shareholders to elect directors of your choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions you desire.

There is currently a limited trading
market for our common stock and we cannot ensure that one will ever develop or be sustained.


a significant liquid trading market for our common stock. We cannot predict how liquid the market for our common stock might become.
We currently do not satisfy the initial listing standards for any major securities exchange
 although we intend to apply for such
an exchange listing when we are able. Currently our common stock is traded on the OTCQB and OTCBB. Should we fail to remain traded
on the OTCQB and OTCBB or not be able to be traded on the OTCQB and OTCBB
 the trading price of our common stock could suffer
the trading market for our common stock may be less liquid and our common stock price may be subject to increased volatility. Furthermore
for companies whose securities are quoted on the OTCQB and OTCBB
 it may be more difficult (i) to obtain accurate quotations
 (ii)
to obtain coverage for significant news events because major wire services generally do not publish press releases about such companies
and (iii) to obtain needed capital.

Offers or availability for sale of a
substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline.


substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market
 or upon the expiration of any statutory holding period under Rule
144
 or issued upon the exercise of outstanding options or warrants
 it could create a circumstance commonly referred to as an
&ldquo;overhang&rdquo; and in anticipation of which the market price of our common stock could fall. The existence of an overhang
whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring
 also could hinder our ability to raise additional financing through the sale
of equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate.

If we undergo a reverse split of our
common stock
 which our Board and shareholders have currently approved that we do subject to the Board&rsquo;s determination of
the ratio of up to 1:10
 the value of our common stock may be less than the market value of the common stock before the split multiplied
by the split ratio.


statement
 filed with the SEC on March 26
 2012
 our Board and shareholders have approved a reverse split of up to 1:10; we may
in the future undergo a reverse stock split. After completion of such a reverse split
 the post-split market price of our common
stock may be less than the pre-split price multiplied by the split ratio. In addition
 a reduction in the shares available in the
public float may impair the liquidity in the market for our common stock which may reduce the value of our common stock. There
is no assurance that the reverse stock split will allow us to meet the listing requirements of a national exchange. If we issue
additional shares in the future
 it will likely result in the dilution of our existing stockholders.


    
    











located at 10275 Wayzata Boulevard
 Suite 310
 Minnetonka
 Minnesota 55305. We lease 1
142 square feet pursuant to a lease agreement
that commenced on May 1
 2012 on a month-to-month basis. In accordance with this lease
 our lease term remains on a month-to-month
basis
 provided that either party may provide 90 day notice to terminate the lease
 with base rents of $1
142 per month
 plus common
area operations and maintenance charges
 and monthly parking fees of $240 per month
 for the first year commencing on May 1
 2012
and increases of $24 per month for each of the subsequent four year periods. The owner of the building in which we are located
is a company wholly owned by our chairman of the board of directors.




 2012
the Company controls approximately 12
256 net acres all in the Bakken and Three Forks trends in North Dakota and Montana. The leases
we control have an initial minimum term of three years.




our estimated gross and net developed and undeveloped acreage by state and resource play at December 31
 2012. Net acreage represents
our percentage ownership of gross acreage.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
15
200
2
886
26
549
9
263
41
749
12
149

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
15
200
2
886
26
869
9
370
42
069
12
256





 we acquired leasehold
interests covering an aggregate of approximately 2
306 net mineral acres in our key prospect areas for an average of $1
409 per
net acre.




 we sold leasehold
interests covering an aggregate of approximately 506 net mineral acres in our key prospect areas for an average of $3
741 per net
acre. The proceeds of the sales were applied to reduce the capitalized costs of oil and gas properties.


    
    





forth the number of gross and net undeveloped acres as of December 31
 2012 that will expire over the next three fiscal years unless
production is established within the spacing units covering the acreage prior to the expiration dates:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
11
229
2
090
10
805
4
656
3
697
1
425
1
766
1
011

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
11
229
2
090
10
805
4
656
4
017
1
532
1
766
1
011



in 2013
 2014 and 2015
 we have 161
 7
 and 250 acres
 respectively
 which are under a well that is currently completed
 awaiting
completion
 drilling
 preparing to drill or permitted.


 of the remaining
undeveloped acreage leases that expire in 2013
 2014 and 2015
 there are 1
483
 2
741 and 207 acres
 respectively
 in which we
have options to extend the lease.


 we had no
leases expire.




gross and net productive oil wells by state at December 31
 2012 and 2011. A net well represents our percentage ownership of a
gross well. The following table does not include wells in which our interest is limited to royalty and overriding royalty interests.
The following table also does not include wells which were awaiting completion
 in the process of completion or awaiting flow back
subsequent to fracture stimulation.



    

 2012

 2011

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





gross and net exploratory wells as of December 31
 2012 and 2011. The wells are at various stages of completion and the costs incurred
are included in unevaluated oil and gas properties on our balance sheet.



    

 2012

 2011

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





any significant product research and development under our plan of operation.




any delivery commitments for product obtained from our wells.


    
    


Drilling and Other Exploratory and Development
Activities




information about our produced oil and gas volumes during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. As of December
31
 2012 and 2011 we were selling oil and natural gas from a total of 66 gross wells (approximately 2.30 net wells) and 24 gross
wells (approximately 0.68 net wells)
 respectively. All data presented below is derived from accrued revenue and production volumes
for the relevant period indicated. We entered into the oil &amp; gas industry in October of 2010.



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
71
307
21
545

    
15
756
6
473

    
73
933
22
624

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





reserve calculations as of December 31
 2012.


report is outlined in our Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 404 internal control procedures. Our procedures require that our reserve report
be prepared by a third-party registered independent engineering firm at the end of every year based on information we provide to
such engineer. For our year-end reports we utilized a contracted internal reserve engineer to aid in the preparation of our reserve
estimates. Our internal reserve engineer holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Petroleum and Natural Gas Engineering from Pennsylvania
State University and has over 35 years of experience in North America and International exploration and production activities.
We accumulated historical production data for our wells
 calculate historical lease operating expenses and differentials
 update
working interests and net revenue interests
 obtain updated authorizations for expenditure (&ldquo;AFEs&rdquo;) from our operations
department and obtain geological and geophysical information from operators. This data is forwarded to our third-party engineering
firm for review and calculation. Our Chief Executive Officer provides a final review of our reserve report and the assumptions
relied upon in such report.


Sewell and Associates
 Inc. (&ldquo;NSAI&rdquo;)
 an independent reservoir engineering firm
 as our third-party engineering firm
with the preparation of our December 31
 2012 reserve report. The selection of NSAI was approved by our Audit Committee. NSAI is
a worldwide leader of petroleum property analysis for industry and financial organizations and government agencies. NSAI was founded
in 1961 and performs consulting petroleum engineering services under Texas Board of Professional Engineers Registration No. F-2699.
Within NSAI
 the technical persons primarily responsible for preparing the estimates set forth in the NSAI reserves report incorporated
herein are Mr. Dan Paul Smith and Mr. John Hattner. Mr. Smith has been practicing consulting petroleum engineering at NSAI since
1980. Mr. Smith is a Licensed Professional Engineer in the State of Texas (License No. 49093) and has over 30 years of practical
experience in petroleum engineering and in the estimation and evaluation of reserves. He graduated from Mississippi State University
in 1973 with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Petroleum Engineering. &nbsp;Mr. Hattner has been practicing consulting petroleum
geology at NSAI since 1991. Mr. Hattner is a Licensed Professional Geoscientist in the State of Texas
 Geology
 (License No. 559)
and has over 30 years of practical experience in petroleum geosciences
 with over 20 years of experience in the estimation and
evaluation of reserves. He graduated from University of Miami
 Florida
 in 1976 with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Geology; from
Florida State University in 1980 with a Master of Science Degree in Geological Oceanography; and from Saint Mary's College of California
in 1989 with a Master of Business Administration Degree. &nbsp;Both technical principals meet or exceed the education
 training
and experience requirements set forth in the Standards Pertaining to the Estimating and Auditing of Oil and Gas Reserves Information
promulgated by the Society of Petroleum Engineers; both are proficient in judiciously applying industry standard practices to engineering
and geoscience evaluations as well as applying SEC and other industry reserves definitions and guidelines.


    
    



below summarize our estimated proved reserves as of December 31
 2012
 based upon reports prepared by NSAI. The reports of our
estimated proved reserves in their entirety are based on the information we provide to them.


requirements of the SEC
 estimates of our net proved reserves and future net revenues are made using average prices at the beginning
of each month in the 12-month period prior to the date of such reserve estimates and are held constant throughout the life of the
properties (except to the extent a contract specifically provides for escalation).


in the NSAI report for the properties are estimated by performance methods or analogy. In general
 reserves attributable to producing
wells and/or reservoirs are estimated by performance methods such as decline curve analysis which utilizes extrapolations of historical
production data. Reserves attributable to non-producing and undeveloped reserves included in our report are estimated by analogy.
The estimates of the reserves
 future production
 and income attributable to properties are prepared using the economic software
package PHDWin Petroleum Economic Evaluation Software
 a copyrighted program of TRC Consultants
 L.C.


recoverable crude oil and natural gas reserves and related future net cash flows
 we consider many factors and assumptions including
but not limited to
 the use of reservoir parameters derived from geological
 geophysical and engineering data which cannot be measured
directly
 economic criteria based on current costs and SEC pricing requirements
 and forecasts of future of production rates. Under
the SEC regulations 210.4-10(a)(22)(v) and (26)
 proved reserves must be demonstrated to be economically producible based on existing
economic conditions including the prices and costs at which economic producibility from a reservoir is to be determined as of the
effective date of the report. With respect to the property interests we own
 production and well tests from examined wells
 normal
direct costs of operating the wells or leases
 other costs such as transportation and/or processing fees
 production taxes
 recompletion
and development costs and product prices are based on the SEC regulations
 geological maps
 well logs
 core analyses
 and pressure
measurements.


in the NSAI report represents only estimates
 and should not be construed as being exact quantities. They may or may not be actually
recovered
 and if recovered
 the actual revenues and costs could be more or less than the estimated amounts. Moreover
 estimates
of reserves may increase or decrease as a result of future operations.


a subjective process of estimating underground accumulations of crude oil and natural gas that cannot be measured in an exact manner.
There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating crude oil and natural gas reserves and their estimated values
 including
many factors beyond our control. The accuracy of any reserve estimate is a function of the quality of available data and of engineering
and geologic interpretation and judgment. As a result
 estimates of different engineers
 including those used by us
 may vary.
In addition
 estimates of reserves are subject to revision based upon actual production
 results of future development and exploration
activities
 prevailing crude oil and natural gas prices
 operating costs and other factors. The revisions may be material. Accordingly
reserve estimates are often different from the quantities of crude oil and natural gas that are ultimately recovered and are highly
dependent upon the accuracy of the assumptions upon which they are based. Our estimated net proved reserves
 included in our SEC
filings
 have not been filed with or included in reports to any other federal agency.


    
    



proved undeveloped reserves will continue to be converted to proved developed producing reserves as additional wells are drilled
within our acreage. We do not have any material amounts of proved undeveloped reserves that have remained undeveloped for five
years or more.



    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
452
595
340
160
509
288
15
352
200

    
    
    
    
    

    
1
663
538
1
264
527
1
874
293
12
586
600

    
2
116
133
1
604
687
2
383
581
27
938
800







    
    
The SEC Pricing Proved Reserves table above values crude oil and natural gas reserve quantities and related discounted future net cash flows as of December 31
 2012 assuming a constant realized price of $84.36 per barrel of crude oil and a constant realized price of $6.69 per Mcf of natural gas. The values presented in both tables above were calculated by NSAI.




    
    
BOE are computed based on a conversion ratio of one BOE for each barrel of crude oil and one BOE for every 6
000 cubic feet (i.e.
 6 Mcf) of natural gas.




    
    
Pre-tax PV10% may be considered a non-GAAP financial measure as defined by the SEC and is derived from the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows
 which is the most directly comparable standardized financial measure. &nbsp;Pre-tax PV10% is computed on the same basis as the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows but without deducting future income taxes. &nbsp;We believe Pre-tax PV10% is a useful measure for investors for evaluating the relative monetary significance of our crude oil and natural gas properties. &nbsp;We further believe investors may utilize our Pre-tax PV10% as a basis for comparison of the relative size and value of our reserves to other companies because many factors that are unique to each individual company impact the amount of future income taxes to be paid.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our management uses this measure when assessing the potential return on investment related to our crude oil and natural gas properties and acquisitions.&nbsp;&nbsp;However
 Pre-tax PV10% is not a substitute for the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our Pre-tax PV10% and the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows do not purport to present the fair value of our crude oil and natural gas reserves. &nbsp;The pre-tax PV10% values of our Total Proved Properties in the tables above differ from the tables reconciling our pre-tax PV10% value on the following page of this Annual Report due to rounding differences in certain tables of NSAI&rsquo;s reserve report.



prices and costs discounted using an annual discount rate of 10% without future escalation
 without giving effect to non-property
related expenses such as general and administrative expenses
 debt service and depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 or federal
income taxes. The &ldquo;Pre-tax PV10%&rdquo; values of our proved reserves presented in the foregoing tables may be considered
a non-GAAP financial measure as defined by the SEC.


in estimating quantities of proved reserves
 including many risk factors beyond our control. Reserve engineering is a subjective
process of estimating subsurface accumulations of crude oil and natural gas that cannot be measured in an exact manner. As a result
estimates of proved reserves may vary depending upon the engineer valuing the reserves. Further
 our actual realized price for
our crude oil and natural gas is not likely to average the pricing parameters used to calculate our proved reserves. As such
 the
crude oil and natural gas quantities and the value of those commodities ultimately recovered from our properties will vary from
reserve estimates.



    
    





driven by many factors including certain exploration costs involved in the development of producing reserves
 production levels
and estimates of proved reserve quantities and future developmental costs. The following table presents our depletion expenses
for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.



    



    
    
    

    
2
443
482
919
631

    
    
    





 2012
the Company entered into a settlement agreement with Peerless/ElectraWorks to settle claims regarding their performance under the
license agreement. Under the settlement agreement Peerless/ElectraWorks has paid the Company $11.0 million in two installments
of $5.5 million on October 30
 2012 and December 17
 2012
 and is obligated to pay the Company another $2.5 million payable on
or before December 31
 2013. In addition
 Peerless/ElectraWorks will make payments to the Company upon certain contingencies related
to the passage of federal or state legislation permitting real money online poker and Peerless/ElectraWorks or one of their affiliates
obtaining such a license. The maximum amount of these contingent payments is $6.5 million with the amount determined based on how
such legislation is enacted. Under the settlement agreement the Company has released its rights to the royalty stream and no further
payments are due from Peerless/ElectraWorks other than those set forth in the settlement agreement.


fees of $1.84 million as well as various costs out of the Peerless /Electra settlement proceeds and is obligated to pay an additional
$160
000 in attorneys&rsquo; fee upon receipt of the remaining $2.5 million due from Peerless/ElectraWorks. In addition
 as a result
of an incentive arrangement with the Company&rsquo;s former President
 Chief Executive Officer and Secretary
 Steve Lipscomb that
was approved by WPT Enterprises
 Inc.&rsquo;s Board of Directors in February 2009
 Mr. Lipscomb is receiving 5% of the settlement
payments; net of attorneys&rsquo; fees and other costs as such amounts are received by the Company.


 2012
 the
Company and other parties entered into a settlement agreement with Deloitte &amp; Touche
 LLP (&quot;Deloitte &amp; Touche&quot;)
to settle all claims between the parties arising out of the case of WPT Enterprises
 Inc. v. Deloitte &amp; Touche
 before the
Superior Court of the State of California
 County of Los Angeles (the &quot;Litigation&quot;). The claims in the Litigation were
assigned to the Company as part of the Company&rsquo;s distribution (spin-off) agreement with Ante4
 Inc. On November 1
 2012
after satisfying obligations to various parties
 including litigation counsel
 the Company received $5.4 million of net proceeds
under the settlement agreement as its share of the settlement proceeds. The parties have agreed to stipulate to the dismissal of
the Litigation and to a mutual release of all claims.







    
    




ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON
EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
 AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES




on the OTCBB under the symbol &ldquo;ANFC.&rdquo; The range of high and low bid information for each fiscal quarter during 2012
and 2011 are set forth below:



    
    

    
    
    


 2012
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2011
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



inter-dealer prices
 without retail markup
 mark-down
 or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. The
closing price of our common stock on the OTC BB on March 15
 2013 was $0.63 per share.


 2013
 there
were approximately 1
937 record holders of our common stock
 not including shares held in &ldquo;street name&rdquo; in brokerage
accounts which is unknown. As of March 15
 2013
 there were approximately 47
979
990 shares of common stock outstanding on record.



We
have not declared or paid any dividends on our common stock since our inception and do not anticipate paying dividends for the
foreseeable future. The payment of dividends is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and will depend
 among other
things
 upon our earnings
 our capital requirements
 our financial condition
 and other relevant factors. We intend to reinvest
any earnings in the development and expansion of our business. Any cash dividends in the future to common shareholders will be
payable when
 as and if declared by our board of directors
 based upon the board&rsquo;s assessment of our financial condition
and performance
 earnings
 need for funds
 capital requirements
 prior claims of preferred stock to the extent issued and outstanding
and other factors
 including income tax consequences
There
can be no assurance
 therefore
 that any dividends on our common stock will ever be paid.

Equity Compensation Plan
Information


 2012
the 2012 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan was approved by our Board and the holders of a majority of our outstanding
shares
 replacing the Ante5
 Inc. 2010 Stock Incentive Plan. Amongst other things
 our 2012 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive
Plan increased the number of shares reserved under the Plan to a total of 7
500
000 shares of our common stock. The following
table sets forth certain information regarding our 2012 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan as of December 31
 2012:



    
issued upon exercise of 
outstanding stock options
    
    
of outstanding stock options
    
    
 remaining available for future
 issuance under equity
 compensation plans

    
    
    
    
    

4
149
001
    
    
    
3
290
999



    
    



December 31
 2012 and 2011
 we issued a total of 2
110
000 and 2
053
000 stock options
 respectively
 pursuant to our 2012 Amended
and Restated Stock Incentive Plan. There were 2
122
999 and -0- options cancelled during the years ended December 31
 2012 and
2011
 respectively. Included in the 2012 stock options issued and stock options cancelled
 were stock options that certain officers
and employees of the Company agreed to have cancelled in exchange for new stock option agreements. Under the new stock option agreements
covering 1
510
000 options
 each optionee&rsquo;s original number of stock options remained the same.


audited financial statements included herein for additional information about our equity compensation plans.




December 31
 2012 and 2011
 we issued a total of 585
000 and 3
878
375 warrants
 respectively
 to purchase shares of registered
or unregistered common stock.




during the fiscal year ending December 31
 2012 in transactions exempt from registration that were not previously included in a
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed by us with the SEC.

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL
DATA.




    
    


ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and notes to those statements. In addition to historical information
the following discussion and other parts of this annual report contain forward-looking information that involves risks and uncertainties.




gas exploration and production company. Our properties are located in North Dakota and Montana. Our corporate strategy is the acquisition
exploration
 development and production of crude oil and natural gas properties
 primarily in the Bakken and Three Forks trends
in North Dakota and Montana. As of December 31
 2012
 we controlled the rights to mineral leases covering approximately 12
256
net acres for prospective drilling to the Bakken and/or Three Forks formations. Looking forward
 we are pursuing the following
objectives:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



are the key drivers to our business performance:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 2012
we changed our name to Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. Our common stock is still traded on the OTCBB under the trading symbol &ldquo;ANFC.&rdquo;



During
2012
 we achieved the following financial and operating results:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Participated in the completion of 42 gross (1.62 net) wells
 with a 100% success rate in the Bakken and Three Forks plays;

    
    
    

    
    
Strengthened our balance sheet and liquidity attaining a debt to capitalization ratio of 26% at December
31
 2012;


    
    
Monetized our legacy assets realizing net settlement income of $11.1 million and collecting $14.1 million of settlement proceeds
 net of settlement expenses:

    
    
    

    
    
    


Operationally
our 2012 performance reflects a year of successfully executing our strategy of developing our acreage position and building a long-life
reserve base. Our success enabled us to increase proved reserves by 1.9 million BOE
 which is 26 times 2012 production. During
2012
 production increased 227% to 73
933 BOE as compared to 2011 production of 22
624 BOE. The increase in 2012 production was
driven by a 238% increase in producing net wells from 0.68 net wells at December 31
 2011 to 2.30 net wells at December 31
 2012.


    
    


Total
revenues increased 214% in 2012 compared to 2011 driven by higher production and partially offset by a decrease in average realized
prices on a BOE basis of 3.9% in 2012 compared to 2011. Significant changes in crude oil and natural gas prices can have a material
impact on our results of operations and our balance sheet.




of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements
 which have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires
us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 and related
disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis
 we evaluate our estimates
 including those related to impairment
of property
 plant and equipment
 intangible assets
 deferred tax assets and fair value computation using the Black Scholes option
pricing model. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions
 such as the trading value of our
common stock and estimated future undiscounted cash flows
 that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results
of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from
other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe that our estimates
including those for the above-described items
 are reasonable.




application of accounting policies is a vital component of accurately and fairly presenting our financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP)
 as well as ensuring compliance with applicable laws
and regulations governing financial reporting. While there are rarely alternative methods or rules from which to select in establishing
accounting and financial reporting policies
 proper application often involves significant judgment regarding a given set of facts
and circumstances and a complex series of decisions.




we use to account for our crude oil and natural gas investments determines what costs are capitalized and how these costs are ultimately
matched with revenues and expensed.


method of accounting to account for our crude oil and natural gas investments instead of the successful efforts method because
we believe it more accurately reflects the underlying economics of our programs to explore and develop crude oil and natural gas
reserves. The full cost method embraces the concept that dry holes and other expenditures that fail to add reserves are intrinsic
to the crude oil and natural gas exploration business. Thus
 under the full cost method
 all costs incurred in connection with
the acquisition
 development and exploration of crude oil and natural gas reserves are capitalized. These capitalized amounts include
the costs of unproved properties
 internal costs directly related to acquisitions
 development and exploration activities
 asset
retirement costs
 geological and geophysical costs and capitalized interest. Although some of these costs will ultimately result
in no additional reserves
 they are part of a program from which we expect the benefits of successful wells to more than offset
the costs of any unsuccessful ones. The full cost method differs from the successful efforts method of accounting for crude oil
and natural gas investments. The primary difference between these two methods is the treatment of exploratory dry hole costs. These
costs are generally expensed under the successful efforts method when it is determined that measurable reserves do not exist. Geological
and geophysical costs are also expensed under the successful efforts method. Under the full cost method
 both dry hole costs and
geological and geophysical costs are initially capitalized and classified as unproved properties pending determination of proved
reserves. If no proved reserves are discovered
 these costs are then amortized with all the costs in the full cost pool.


unproved costs are depleted using the units of production method. The depletion expense per unit of production is the ratio of
the sum of our unamortized historical costs and estimated future development costs to our proved reserve volumes. Estimation of
hydrocarbon reserves relies on professional judgment and use of factors that cannot be precisely determined. Subsequent reserve
estimates materially different from those reported would change the depletion expense recognized during the future reporting periods.


    
    



costs in our full cost pool (net of depreciation
 depletion and amortization and related deferred taxes) exceed the sum of the
present value (using a 10% discount rate and based on period-end crude oil and natural gas prices) of the estimated future net
cash flows from our proved crude oil and natural gas reserves and the capitalized cost associated with our unproved properties
we would have a capitalized ceiling impairment. Such costs would be charged to operations as a reduction of the carrying value
of crude oil and natural gas properties. The risk that we will be required to write down the carrying value of our crude oil and
natural gas properties increases when crude oil and natural gas prices are depressed
 even if the low prices are temporary. In
addition
 capitalized ceiling impairment charges may occur if we experience poor drilling results or estimations of our proved
reserves are substantially reduced. A capitalized ceiling impairment is a reduction in earnings that does not impact cash flows
but does impact operating income and shareholders&rsquo; equity. Once recognized
 a capitalized ceiling impairment charge to crude
oil and natural gas properties cannot be reversed at a later date. The risk that we will experience a ceiling test impairment increases
when crude oil and natural gas prices are depressed or if we have substantial downward revisions in our estimated proved reserves.
During the year ended December 31
 2012
 we did not incur a ceiling test impairment. During the year ended December 31
 2011 we
incurred a capitalized ceiling impairment charge of $2
392
742. No assurance can be given that we will not experience capitalized
ceiling impairment charges in future periods. In addition
 capitalized ceiling impairment charges may occur if estimates of proved
hydrocarbon reserves are substantially reduced or estimates of future development costs increase significantly.




depletion and amortization expense as well as impairments that are recognized on our crude oil and natural gas properties will
be highly dependent on the estimates of the proved crude oil and natural gas reserves attributable to our properties. Our estimate
of proved reserves will be based on the quantities of crude oil and natural gas which geological and engineering data demonstrate
with reasonable certainty
 to be recoverable in the future years from known reservoirs under existing economic and operating conditions.
The accuracy of any reserve estimate is a function of the quality of available data
 engineering and geological interpretation
and judgment. For example
 we must estimate the amount and timing of future operating costs
 production taxes and development costs
all of which may in fact vary considerably from actual results. In addition
 as the prices of crude oil and natural gas and cost
levels change from year to year
 the economics of producing our reserves may change and therefore the estimate of proved reserves
may also change. Any significant variance in these assumptions could materially affect the estimated quantity and value of our
reserves.


present value of the future net cash flows attributable to our proved crude oil and natural gas reserves are estimates only and
should not be construed as the current market value of the estimated crude oil and natural gas reserves attributable to our properties.
Thus
 such information includes revisions of certain reserve estimates attributable to our properties included in the prior year&rsquo;s
estimates. These revisions reflect additional information from subsequent activities
 production history of the properties involved
and any adjustments in the projected economic life of such properties resulting from changes in crude oil and natural gas prices.
Any future downward revisions could adversely affect our financial condition
 our borrowing ability
 our future prospects and the
value of our common stock.


crude oil and natural gas reserves used in the preparation of our financial statements are prepared by a registered independent
petroleum consultant in accordance with the rules promulgated by the SEC.




obligations to plug and abandon our crude oil and natural gas wells and related equipment. Liabilities for asset retirement obligations
are recorded at fair value in the period incurred. The related asset value is increased by the same amount. Asset retirement costs
included in the carrying amount of the related asset are subsequently allocated to expense as part of our depletion calculation.
Additionally
 increases in the discounted asset retirement liability resulting from the passage of time are reported as accretion
of discount on asset retirement obligations expense on our Statement of Operations.


    
    



retirement obligations requires us to make estimates and judgments regarding timing
 existence of a liability
 as well as what
constitutes adequate restoration. We use the present value of estimated cash flows related to our asset retirement obligations
to determine the fair value. Present value calculations inherently incorporate numerous assumptions and judgments
 which include
the ultimate retirement and restoration costs
 inflation factors
 credit adjusted discount rates
 timing of settlement
 and changes
in the legal
 regulatory
 environmental and political environments. To the extent future revisions to these assumptions impact
the present value of our existing asset retirement obligation liability
 a corresponding adjustment will be made to the carrying
cost of the related asset.




from the sale of the crude oil and natural gas from our interests in producing wells; hence our revenue recognition policy for
these sales is significant. We recognize revenue from the sale of crude oil and natural gas when production is delivered to
 and
title has transferred to
 the purchaser and to the extent the selling price is reasonably determinable. Settlements for hydrocarbon
sales can occur up to two months
 or more
 after the end of the month in which the crude oil
 natural gas or other hydrocarbon
products were produced. We estimate and accrue for the value of these sales using information available to us at the time our financial
statements are generated. Differences are reflected in the accounting period that payments are received from the operator.




recognized for temporary differences in financial statement and tax basis amounts that will result in deductible amounts and carry-forwards
in future years. Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for temporary differences that will result in taxable amounts in future
years. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax law and tax rate(s) for the year in which we expect the
temporary differences to be deducted or settled. The effect of a change in tax law or rates on the valuation of deferred tax assets
and liabilities is recognized in income in the period of enactment. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
Significant future taxable income would be required to realize this net tax asset.


the valuation allowance is dependent on estimates of future taxable income
 alternative minimum tax income
 and changes in shareholder
ownership that would trigger limits on use of net operating losses under Internal Revenue Code Section 382.




investments
 accounts receivable and accounts payable are stated at cost which approximates fair value due to the short-term nature
of these instruments. In January 2010
 the FASB issued an amendment to the accounting standards related to the disclosures about
an entity&rsquo;s use of fair value measurements. Among these amendments
 entities will be required to provide enhanced disclosures
about transfers into and out of the Level 1 (fair value determined based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets
and liabilities) and Level 2 (fair value determined based on significant other observable inputs) classifications
 provide separate
disclosures about purchases
 sales
 issuances and settlements relating to the tabular reconciliation of beginning and ending balances
of the Level 3 (fair value determined based on significant unobservable inputs) classification and provide greater disaggregation
for each class of assets and liabilities that use fair value measurements. We do not expect that the adoption of this new standard
will have a material impact to our financial statements.




principles generally accepted in the United States
 management utilizes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 as well
as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Our estimates of our proved crude oil and natural gas reserves
 future development costs
 estimates relating to certain crude oil
and natural gas revenues and expenses
 fair value of certain investments
 and deferred income taxes are or will be the most critical
to our financial statements.


    
    


Results of Operations for the Years Ended
December 31
 2012 and 2011.


selected items from the statement of operations for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.



    



    
    
    

    
6
022
540
1
917
719

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
649
603
527
844

    
692
527
214
363

    
3
530
643
1
850
536

    
2
443
482
919
631

    
    
2
392
742

    
4
557
    

    
24
206
14
043

    
7
345
018
5
919
668

    
    
    

    
(1
322
478
(4
001
949

    
    
    

    
9
954
489
(161
211

    
    
    

    
8
632
011
(4
163
160

    
    
    

    
(3
720
601
1
680
905

    
    
    

    
4
911
410
(2
482
255





022
540
in revenues from sales of crude oil and natural gas for the year ended December 31
 2012 compared to revenues of $1
917
719 for
the year ended December 31
 2011
 an increase of $4
104
821
 or 214%. These revenues are due to the drilling and development of
producing wells. We had 66 gross producing wells as of December 31
 2012
 and an additional nine wells that were either in the
drilling preparation
 drilling
 awaiting completion
 or completing stages
 compared to 24 gross producing wells
 and an additional
16 wells that were either in the drilling preparation
 drilling
 awaiting completion
 or completing stages as of December 31
2011.


a lease for mineral rights from the State of North Dakota on February 14
 2012 for 110 acres or an 8.7% working interest in the
Dahl Federal 2-15H well that spud on January 6
 2012. The acreage we purchased lies within the riverbed of the Missouri River and
there is currently third-party litigation ongoing in the State of North Dakota pertaining to the state&rsquo;s ownership claim
to similar riparian acreage.&nbsp; We have signed an AFE for the well and the operator has agreed to retroactively honor the AFE
if the state is successful in defending its ownership claim. As a result we have not capitalized any of the AFE costs or recognized
any sales from this well. The well started production on May 21
 2012. Had we recognized the revenue from this well we would have
recorded approximately an additional $468
000 in oil and gas sales for the year ended December 31
 2012. In the event the state
is not successful in defending its ownership claim
 the state is required to refund the Company the cost to purchase the lease.


    
    







of $649
603 and production taxes of $692
527 for the year ended December 31
 2012
 and $527
844 and $214
363 for the year ended
December 31
 2011
 are comprised of certain production costs involved in the development of producing reserves in the Bakken formation.
Combined
 they represent approximately 22% and 39% of the oil and gas sales for the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.
Our production expenses and taxes are greater in total than the comparative period due to our rapid expansion and increased acreage
holdings. The expenses during the year ended December 31
 2011 were greater as a percentage of sales primarily as a result of one
well that experienced high costs transporting and disposing well water throughout the last half of 2011 and continuing into the
first quarter of 2012. The operator has decreased those costs for that well during the last three quarters of 2012 to normal operating
levels. We anticipate costs related to well water disposal will continue at near normal levels.




expenses for the year ended December 31
 2012 were $3
530
643
 compared to $1
850
536 for the year ended December 31
 2011. The
increase for 2012 as compared to 2011 was $1
680
107
 or 91%
 and is primarily related to increased expenses for compensation and
professional fees as a result of hiring additional employees and professionals needed to support our expanding operations as we
grow our oil and gas operations. Additionally
 general and administrative expenses increased as a result of a one-time expense
of $438
539 related to the fair value of common stock granted as a non-refundable deposit on acreage acquisitions that we decided
not to complete and increased non-contingent legal costs associated with litigation settlement activity that have been expensed
as incurred. The acquisition agreement was terminated in June of 2012. Legal costs associated with the Peerless/ElectraWorks litigation
were $333
176 and $165
251 for years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
 and legal costs associated with the Deloitte
&amp; Touche litigation were $37
758 and $35
315 for the same periods.




driven by many factors
 including certain exploration costs involved in the development of producing reserves
 production levels
and estimates of proved reserve quantities and future developmental costs. We recognized depletion expense of $2
443
482 for the
year ended December 31
 2012
 compared to $919
631 for the year ended December 31
 2011
 an increase of $1
523
851
 or 166%. The
increase was due primarily due to our expansion and acquisitions of oil and gas properties during 2012 and 2011.




properties for the year ended December 31
 2012 was $-0-
 compared to $2
392
742 for the year ended December 31
 2011
 a decrease
of $2
392
742
 or 100%. Capitalized costs of oil and gas properties (net of related deferred income taxes) may not exceed an amount
equal to the present value
 discounted at 10% per annum
 of the estimated future net cash flows from proved oil and gas reserves
plus the cost of unproved properties (adjusted for related income tax effects). Should capitalized costs exceed this ceiling
 impairment
is recognized. The present value of estimated future net cash flows is computed by applying the arithmetic average first day price
of oil and natural gas for the preceding twelve months to estimated future production of proved oil and gas reserves as of the
end of the period
 less estimated future expenditures to be incurred in developing and producing the proved reserves and assuming
continuation of existing economic conditions. Such present value of proved reserves' future net cash flows excludes future cash
outflows associated with settling asset retirement obligations. This comparison indicated an excess carrying value in 2011
 as
such the excess was charged to earnings as an impairment expense
 in the amount of $2
392
742 during the year ended December 31
2011. No such impairment was necessary in 2012.


    
    





the year ended December 31
 2012 was $24
206
 compared to $14
043 for the year ended December 31
 2011. The increase in depreciation
expense for 2012 as compared to 2011 of $10
163
 or 72%
 was due to the additional depreciation associated with the purchase of
office equipment and website development in the latter half of 2011 and early 2012.




for the year ended December 31
 2012 was $1
322
478
 compared to $4
001
949 for the year ended December 31
 2011
 a decrease of
$2
679
471
 or 67% for 2012 as compared to 2011. Our net operating loss in 2012 consisted primarily of oil and gas production costs
professional fees
 officer salaries and depletion expense
 netted against our oil and gas income
 incurred as we expanded our oil
and gas business
 in addition to a one-time expense of $438
539 in 2012 related to the fair value of common stock granted as a
non-refundable deposit on acreage acquisitions that we decided not to complete. Our net operating loss in 2011 consisted primarily
of an impairment charge of $2
392
742 related to our ceiling test
 which was caused by substantially reduced production levels
and increased operating costs in one of our largest wells.




for the year ended December 31
 2012 was $9
954
489
 compared to ($161
211) for the year ended December 31
 2011
 a net difference
of $10
115
700.


(expenses) for the year ended December 31
 2012 consisted of a net gain of $11
145
895 due to the settlement
 net of expenses
of the Peerless/ElectraWorks arbitration and the Deloitte &amp; Touche litigation
 $1
872 of interest income earned on money market
accounts
 ($1
193
278) of interest expense. Interest expense includes ($317
652) of amortized warrant costs and ($190
580) of amortized
debt issuance costs for the year ended December 31
 2012 Amortization of the warrants and debt issuance costs on the PrenAnte5
Credit Agreement were accelerated due to the Company&rsquo;s repayment and voluntary termination of the revolving credit facility
on April 12
 2012.


(expenses) for the year ended December 31
 2011 consisted of $1
717 of interest income earned on money market accounts
 ($101
956)
of interest expense. Interest expenses consisted of ($87
084) of expenses incurred on amortized warrant costs and ($14
872) of
amortized debt issuance costs. We also incurred a loss of ($1
061) on the disposal of assets
 and ($97
686) of indemnification
expenses related to payments made pursuant to previously unidentified tax obligations prior to our spin-off on April 16
 2010.
In addition
 we recognized a gain on debt settlement of $36
151 related to the settlement of certain accounts payable liabilities
for legal fees incurred prior to our spin-off on April 16
 2010
 and a gain on sale of oil and gas equipment of $1
924.




of $3
720
601 for the year ended December 31
 2012 compared to income tax benefits of $1
680
905 for the year ended December 31
2011
 a difference of $5
401
506 comparing 2012 to 2011
 primarily due to additional income tax expense related to the Peerless/ElectraWorks
settlement and D&amp;T settlement.




the year ended December 31
 2012 was $4
911
410
 compared to a net loss of ($2
482
255) for the year ended December 31
 2011.
Our net income in 2012 consisted primarily of settlement income
 net of expenses and income taxes
 of $6
355
895 related to our
settlement of the Peerless/ElectraWorks arbitration and the Deloitte &amp; Touche litigation. Revenue from our oil and gas sales
as well as oil and gas production costs
 professional fees
 officer salaries and interest costs related to our credit facility
have increased in 2012 as compared to 2011 as we aggressively expanded our oil and gas operations compared to our relatively new
oil and gas operations during 2011. Decreasing the Company&rsquo;s net income in 2012 were a one-time expense of $438
539 related
to the fair value of common stock granted as a non-refundable deposit on acreage acquisitions that we decided not to complete
and non-contingent legal and other costs of $370
934 in 2012 compared to $200
566 in 2011 related litigation settlement activity.
Additionally
 the Company had income tax expense of $3
720
601 in 2012 compared to income tax benefits of $1
680
905 in 2011
the difference driven primarily by the tax effect of our litigation settlements.


    
    





net income (loss) as defined under GAAP
 we also present Adjusted Net Income (Loss) and Adjusted EBITDA. We define Adjusted Net
Income (Loss) as net income excluding settlement income
 net of settlement expenses
 and tax. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net
income before (i) interest expense
 (ii) income taxes
 (iii) depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 (iv) accretion of abandonment
liability
 and (v) non-cash expenses relating to share based payments recognized under ASC Topic 718. We believe the use of non-GAAP
financial measures provides useful information to investors regarding our current financial performance; however
 Adjusted Net
Income (Loss) and Adjusted EBITDA do not represent
 and should not be considered alternatives to GAAP measurements. We believe
these measures are useful in evaluating our fundamental core operating performance. Specifically
 we believe the non-GAAP Adjusted
Net Income (Loss) and Adjusted EBITDA results provide useful information to both management and investors by excluding certain
income and expenses that our management believes are not indicative of our core operating results. Although we use Adjusted Net
Income (Loss) and Adjusted EBITDA to manage our business
 including the preparation of our annual operating budget and financial
projections
 we believe that non-GAAP financial measures have limitations and do not reflect all of the amounts associated with
our results of operations as determined in accordance with GAAP and that these measures should only be used to evaluate our results
of operations in conjunction with the corresponding GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of Adjusted Net Income (Loss) and
Adjusted EBITDA to Net Income
 GAAP
 are included below:



    



    
    
    

    
4
911
410
(2
482
255

    
    
    


 net of tax (a)
(6
355
895
    

    
(1
444
485
(2
482
255

    
    
    

    
47
789
225
42
882
772

    
48
061
239
42
882
772

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of tax
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of tax
    
    

    
    
    



tax expense
 computed based on our effective tax rate of approximately 43%
 of $4
790
000 for the year Ended December 31
 2012.


    
    




    



    
    
    

    
4
911
410
(2
482
255

    
    
    


 net
 excluding amortization
    
    

    
873
754
13
155

    
3
720
601
(1
680
905

    
    
2
392
742


 depletion
 and amortization
2
467
688
933
674

    
4
557
    

    
438
539
    

    
1
167
561
840
944

    
    
    

    
13
584
110
17
864



the year ended December 31
 2012 includes settlement income
 net of settlement expenses
 of $11
145
895.




our total current assets
 liabilities and working capital at December 31
 2012 and 2011.



    



    
    
    

    
6
171
023
4
424
495

    
    
    

    
3
291
426
3
130
573

    
    
    

    
2
879
597
1
293
922





 2012
 the Company
entered into a Secured Revolving Credit Agreement with Dougherty Funding
 LLC as Lender which was subsequently amended on September
5
 2012 and December 14
 2012 with an Amended and Restated Secured Revolving Credit Agreement (collectively the &ldquo;Credit Facility&rdquo;).
Under the terms of the amended Credit Facility
 up to $20
000
000 maximum is available from time to time (i) to fund
 or to reimburse
the Company for
 the Company&rsquo;s pro-rata share of development and production costs for oil wells that relate to the Company&rsquo;s
oil and gas leasehold interests for which there is a valid and enforceable Authorization for Expenditure and that are incurred
from and after the date of the Credit Facility
 and (ii) to reimburse the Company for amounts that the Company paid from its own
funds or from funds that it borrowed under its previous credit facility from Prenante5
 LLC as agent pursuant to the Revolving
Credit and Security Agreement dated May 2
 2011 (the &ldquo;Previous Credit Facility&rdquo;). Of the $20 million Credit Facility
$16.5 million is currently available. If the Company has not successfully completed an equity offering of at least $10
000
000
by August 31
 2014
 then advances will no longer be available under the Credit Facility.


principal balance of the Credit Facility accrues and is payable monthly at 9.25% per year. The Company must also pay the Lender
quarterly a commitment fee in an amount equal to 0.25% of the average line of credit available
 but not advanced
 for the previous
quarter. The Company must make payments equal to 90% of the Company&rsquo;s earnings before taxes
 depreciation and amortization
(excluding certain items as defined in the Credit Agreement) on a quarterly basis as a principal payment on the Loan.


    
    



secured by substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s assets and has typical representations and warranties
 covenants
 and events
of default
 including
 subject to certain exceptions
 incurrence of additional indebtedness. The Credit Agreement requires that
the Company meet certain conditions to obtain additional advances under the Credit Facility
 including providing certain documentation
related to the Company&rsquo;s oil and gas properties. The Lender has the right to approve advances for properties which are not
held by production. In addition
 the Company must maintain available cash and specified cash equivalents in an amount that is not
less than the greater of (i) $300
000 and (ii) 12 months&rsquo; then-regularly scheduled payments of interest on the outstanding
amount of advances.


mature on August 1
 2015. The Credit Facility may be prepaid with thirty (30) days written notice at any time. In connection with
the amended financing
 the Company agreed to issue Dougherty Funding
 LLC warrants to purchase up to 900
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock
 of which 585
000 shares have currently been issued
 at an exercise price of $0.38. The warrants expire on August
31
 2015.


on April 12
 2012 of $2
450
000
 and used $2
051
722 of the proceeds to repay and terminate our outstanding PrenAnte5 revolving
credit facility
 including interest of $51
722
 and we have taken subsequent draws (net of repayments) of $3
298
844 through December
31
 2012 and used the proceeds to pay for our development of oil and gas wells.


incur operating losses in the next twelve months. Although our revenues are expected to grow as our wells are placed into production
our revenues are not expected to exceed our investment developing oil and gas wells and our operating costs throughout 2013. However
our availability under our Credit Facility provides ample funding for our property acquisition and development plans throughout
2013. Our prospects still must be considered in light of the risks
 expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies
in their early stage of development. Such risks for us include
 but are not limited to
 potential failure to earn revenues or to
sufficiently monetize certain claims that we have for payments that are owed to us; an inability to identify investment and expansion
targets; and dissipation of existing assets. To address these risks
 we must
 among other things
 seek growth opportunities through
investment and acquisitions in the oil and gas industry
 effectively monitor and manage our claims for payments that are owed to
us
 implement and successfully execute our business strategy
 respond to competitive developments
 and attract
 retain and motivate
qualified personnel. We cannot assure that we will be successful in addressing such risks
 and the failure to do so could have
a material adverse effect on our business prospects
 financial condition and results of operations.

Satisfaction of our cash obligations
for the next 12 months


 2012
our balance of cash and cash equivalents was $1
417
340. Our plan for satisfying our cash requirements for the next twelve months
in addition to our revenues from oil and gas sales is through draws on our credit facility
 potential sale of shares of our common
stock
 third party financing
 and/or traditional bank financing.




gas industry is very cyclical and the demand for goods and services of crude oil field companies
 suppliers and others associated
with the industry put extreme pressure on the economic stability and pricing structure within the industry. Typically
 as prices
for crude oil and natural gas increase
 so do all associated costs. Conversely
 in a period of declining prices
 associated cost
declines are likely to lag and may not adjust downward in proportion. Material changes in prices also impact our current revenue
stream
 estimates of future reserves
 impairment assessments of crude oil and natural gas properties
 and values of properties
in purchase and sale transactions. Material changes in prices can impact the value of crude oil and natural gas companies and their
ability to raise capital
 borrow money and retain personnel. While we do not currently expect business costs to materially increase
higher prices for crude oil and natural gas could result in increases in the costs of materials
 services and personnel.


    
    





our obligations and commitments as of December 31
 2012 to make future payments under certain contracts
 aggregated by category
of obligation
 for specified time periods:



    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
5
748
844
    
    
5
748
844

    
531
768
842
088

    
    
1
373
856


    

1
100
000
    
    
    
1
100
000

    
1
631
768

6
590
932

    
    
8
222
700








Cash Interest on Revolving Credit Facility is estimated assuming no principal repayment until the
due date

Repayment terms on the Revolving Credit
Facility include a provision to repay principal quarterly based on 90% of the EBTDA.

Additional commitments on our Authorization
for Expenditures (&ldquo;AFE&rdquo;) not accrued as of December 31
 2012.



Summary of product and research and development that we will
perform for the term of our plan.


significant research and development expenditures in the future.




purchase or sale of any plant or significant equipment as such items are not required by us at this time.




 2012
we had five employees
 our chief executive officer
 Kenneth DeCubellis
 our chief financial officer
 James Moe
 and three other
employees. Currently
 there are no organized labor agreements or union agreements and we do not anticipate any in the future.


expand our oil and gas business and continue to acquire more mineral leases
 we may need to hire additional employees. In the interim
we intend to use the services of independent consultants and contractors to perform various professional services when appropriate.
We believe the use of third-party service providers may enhance our ability to control general and administrative expenses and
operate efficiently.




sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition
 revenues
expenses
 results of operations liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors.

Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk




our crude oil and natural gas production will heavily influence our revenue
 profitability
 access to capital and future rate of
growth. Crude oil and natural gas are commodities and
 therefore
 their prices are subject to wide fluctuations in response to
relatively minor changes in supply and demand. Historically
 the markets for crude oil and natural gas have been volatile
 and
these markets will likely continue to be volatile in the future. The prices we receive for our production depend on numerous factors
beyond our control. Our revenue will generally increase or decrease along with any increases or decreases in crude oil or natural
gas prices
 but the exact impact on our income is indeterminable given the variety of expenses associated with producing and selling
crude oil that also increase and decrease along with crude oil prices.




has a fixed interest rate of 9.25%. To the extent that the interest rate is fixed
 interest rate changes would affect the instrument&rsquo;s
fair market value but would not impact results of operations or cash flows. Conversely
 for any portion of our future borrowings
that may have a floating interest rate
 interest rate changes will not affect the fair market value of the instrument but will
impact future results of operations and cash flows.


    
    



ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA OF BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC. 


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC. 



FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012
AND 2011







    
    

    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
    

    
    

Consolidated Statement of Stockholders&rsquo; Equity for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
    

    
    

    
    









    
    







REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM




 Inc.


balance sheets of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 and the related
consolidated statements of operations
 stockholders' equity
 and cash flows for the years then ended. These consolidated financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated
financial statements based on our audits.


the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.
The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 and the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods described above in conformity
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

/s/ M&amp;K CPAS
 PLLC



 Texas

 2013






    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC. (Formerly Ante5
 Inc.)




    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
417
340
1
401
141

    
856
233
673
003

    
2
500
000
    

    
1
397
450
40
599

    
    
2
309
752

    
6
171
023
4
424
495

    
    
    

    
    
    


 full cost method of accounting
    
    

    
35
248
983
10
867
443

    
9
055
513
13
236
057

    
85
917
78
489

    
44
390
413
24
181
989


 accumulated depreciation
 amortization
 depletion and allowance for impairment
(5
793
184
(3
325
497


 net
38
597
229
20
856
492


 net of current portion and allowance of
    $-0- and $878
650 at December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
    
3
698
850


 net
657
702
52
049

    
657
702
3
750
899

    
    
    

    
45
425
954
29
031
886

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 including $160
000 and $-0- of settlement payables
    respectively
3
113
526
2
820
936


 related parties
 including $116
234 and $-0- of settlement
    payables
 respectively
116
234
9
206

    
61
666
    


 related party
    
300
431

    
3
291
426
3
130
573

    
    
    

    
67
145
3
900

    
5
748
844
    

    
4
732
696
1
012
095

    
    
    

    
13
840
111
4
146
568

    
    
    

    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.001 par value
 20
000
000 shares authorized
 no shares
    issued and outstanding
    
    


 $0.001 par value
 500
000
000 shares authorized
 47
979
990 and
    47
402
965 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
47
980
47
403

    
29
847
212
28
058
674

    
1
690
651
(3
220
759

    
31
585
843
24
885
318

    
    
    

    
45
425
954
29
031
886






    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC. (Formerly Ante5
 Inc.)




    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
6
022
540
1
917
719

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
649
603
527
844

    
692
527
214
363

    
3
530
643
1
850
536

    
2
443
482
919
631

    
    
2
392
742

    
4
557
    

    
24
206
14
043

    
7
345
018
5
919
668

    
    
    

    
(1
322
478
(4
001
949

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
872
1
717

    
(1
193
278
(101
956

    
    
38
075

    
17
020
759
    

    
(5
874
864
    

    
    
(1
061

    
    
(97
986

    
9
954
489
(161
211

    
    
    

    
8
632
011
(4
163
160

    
    
    

    
(3
720
601
1
680
905

    
    
    

    
4
911
410
(2
482
255

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
47
789
225
42
882
772

    
48
061
239
42
882
772

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    






    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC. (Formerly Ante5
 Inc.)




    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2010
    
    
37
303
614
37
304
16
654
223
(738
504
15
953
023

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
6
142
500
6
143
5
609
914
    
5
616
057

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
60
000
    
17
220
    
17
280

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
852
851
3
852
4
936
417
    
4
940
269

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
44
000
    
43
076
    
43
120

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
74
022
    
74
022

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 related parties
    
    
    
    
723
802
    
723
802

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2011
    
    
    
    
    
(2
482
255
(2
482
255

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2011
    
    
47
402
965
47
403
28
058
674
(3
220
759
24
885
318

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
577
025
    
437
962
    
438
539

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 Inc.
    
    
    
    
183
015
    
183
015

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
271
933
    
271
933

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 related party
    
    
    
    
45
719
    
45
719

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 related party
    
    
    
    
849
909
    
849
909

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2012
    
    
    
    
    
4
911
410
4
911
410

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2012
    
    
47
979
990
47
980
29
847
212
1
690
651
31
585
843






    
    


BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC. (Formerly Ante5
 Inc.)




    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
911
410
(2
482
255


    operating activities:
    
    

    
2
443
482
919
631

    
24
206
14
043

    
    
2
392
742

    
190
580
14
872

    
4
557
    

    
    
1
061

    
438
539
    

    
    
43
120

    
271
933
74
022


 related parties
45
719
13
062


 related parties
849
909
710
740

    
    
    

    
(183
230
(657
163

    
(2
500
000
    

    
(1
424
985
(32
168

    
6
008
602
463
398

    
    
    


 including $160
000 and $-0- of settlement payables
    respectively
347
744
73
202


 related parties
 including $116
234 and $-0- of settlement
    payables
 respectively
107
028
(67
571

    
61
666
(47
267


 related party
(300
431
(23
169

    
3
720
601
(1
680
905

    
15
017
330
(270
096

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
893
649
336
925

    
(21
839
963
(12
731
225

    
(7
428
(78
489

    
(19
953
742
(12
472
789

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
16
350
000
    

    
(10
601
156
    


 net of $526
444 of offering costs
    
5
616
057

    
(796
233
(66
921

    
    
17
280

    
4
952
611
5
566
416

    
    
    

    
16
199
(7
176
469

    
1
401
141
8
577
610

    
1
417
340
1
401
141

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
667
917
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
618
145
2
422
150

    
    
4
940
269

    
58
688
3
391

    
183
015
    






    
    



of Business


 2012
 Ante5
 Inc. changed
its corporate name to Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 and continues to trade its common stock on the OTC QB and OTC BB under the
trading symbol &ldquo;ANFC&rdquo;. Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. (Formerly Ante5
 Inc.) (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) became an
independent company in April 2010 when the spin-off from our former parent company
 Ante4
 Inc. (now Emerald Oil
 Inc. and also
formerly known as Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.)
 became effective. We became a publicly traded company when our shares began trading
on July 1
 2010. Since October 2010
 we have been engaged in the business of acquiring oil and gas leases and participating in
the drilling of wells in the Bakken and Three Forks trends in North Dakota and Montana. Our strategy is to participate in the exploration
development and production of oil and gas reserves as a non-operating working interest owner in a growing
 diversified portfolio
of oil and gas wells. We aggressively seek to accumulate mineral leases to position us to participate in the drilling of new wells
on a continuous basis. Occasionally we also purchase working interests in producing wells.


exploration
 development and production of crude oil and natural gas properties
 primarily in the Bakken and Three Forks trends
in North Dakota and Montana. We believe that our prospective success revolves around our ability to acquire mineral rights and
participate in drilling activities by virtue of our ownership of such rights and through the relationships we have developed with
our operating partners.


we participate in drilling activities primarily on a heads-up basis. Before a well is spud
 an operator is required to offer all
mineral lease owners in the designated well spacing unit the right to participate in the drilling and production of the well. Drilling
costs and revenues from oil and gas sales are split pro-rata based on acreage ownership in the designated drilling unit. We rely
on our operator partners to identify specific drilling sites
 permit
 and engage in the drilling process. As a non-operator we
are focused on maintaining a low overhead structure.

Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies

Basis
of Accounting

prepared using the accrual method of accounting as generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP) and the rules
of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).



statements include the accounts of the following entities
 all of which are under common control and ownership:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
    
    
    
    

Poker Interests
 LLC
    
    
    
    






contain the operations of the wholly-owned subsidiary listed above. All significant inter-company transactions have been eliminated
in the preparation of these financial statements. The parent company
 Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and subsidiary
 Poker Interests
LLC will be collectively referred to herein as the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;
 or &ldquo;Black Ridge&rdquo;. The Company's headquarters
are located in Minnetonka
 Minnesota and substantially all of its operations are within the United States.


consisting of normal recurring adjustments
 which in the opinion of management are necessary for fair presentation of the information
contained therein.



interim reporting for an enterprise&rsquo;s operating segments and related disclosures about its products
 services
 geographic
areas and major customers. An operating segment is defined as a component of an enterprise that engages in business activities
from which it may earn revenues and expenses
 and about which separate financial information is regularly evaluated by the chief
operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources. The Company operates as a single segment and will evaluate additional
segment disclosure requirements as it expands its operations.



    
    




 the Company separately
classified debt issuance costs in the financial statements. For comparative purposes
 amounts in prior periods have been reclassified
to conform to current year presentation.

Use
of Estimates

in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.


 by
its nature
 to environmental hazards and clean-up costs. At this time
 management knows of no substantial losses from environmental
accidents or events for which the Company may be currently liable.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

which have maturities of three months or less. For the purpose of the statements of cash flows
 all highly liquid investments with
an original maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are stated at cost plus accrued
interest
 which approximates market value. Cash and cash equivalents consist of the following:



    





    
    
    

    
513
788
474
314

    
903
552
926
827

    
1
417
340
1
401
141




deposit accounts which
 at times
 may exceed federally insured limits. Accounts are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation (FDIC) and the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) up to $250
000 and $500
000
 respectively
 under current
regulations. The Company had approximately $917
340 and $402
952 in excess of FDIC and SIPC insured limits at December 31
 2012
and 2011
 respectively. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts.

Debt
Issuance Costs

are capitalized and amortized over the term of the related debt using the straight-line method
 which approximates the effective
interest method. The Company paid $796
233 and $66
921 of debt issuance costs during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
respectively
 of which the unamortized balance of debt issuance costs at December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $657
702 and $52
049
 respectively.
Amortization of debt issuance costs charged to interest expense was $190
580 and $14
872 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and
2011
 respectively. When a loan is paid in full
 any unamortized financing costs are removed from the related accounts and charged
to interest expense.



costs in accordance with ASC 350-50
 &ldquo;Accounting for Website Development Costs&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASC 350-50&rdquo;)
 wherein
website development costs are segregated into three activities:


Initial stage (planning)
 whereby the related costs are expensed.


Development (web application
 infrastructure
 graphics)
 whereby the related costs are capitalized
and amortized once the website is ready for use. Costs for development content of the website may be expensed or capitalized depending
on the circumstances of the expenditures.


Post-implementation (after site is up and running: security
 training
 admin)
 whereby the related
costs are expensed as incurred. Upgrades are usually expensed
 unless they add additional functionality.



    
    



660 of website development
costs from inception through December 31
 2012. We have recognized depreciation expense on these website costs of $18
630 and $3
507
for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.



and liabilities based on differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted
tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to be recovered. The Company provides a
valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for which it does not consider realization of such assets to be more likely than not.



 the Financial
Accounting Standards Board establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles and expands
disclosures about fair value measurements. This Statement reaffirms that fair value is the relevant measurement attribute. The
adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements as reflected herein. The carrying
amounts of cash
 accounts payable and accrued expenses reported on the balance sheets are estimated by management to approximate

required fair value measurement on a recurring basis.



and gas properties are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives of three
to seven years. Expenditures for replacements
 renewals
 and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to
operations as incurred. Long-lived assets
 other than oil and gas properties
 are evaluated for impairment to determine if current
circumstances and market conditions indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company has not recognized any impairment
losses on non-oil and gas long-lived assets. Depreciation expense was $24
206 and $14
043 for the years ended December 31
 2012
and 2011
 respectively.



from its interests in producing wells when production is delivered to
 and title has transferred to
 the purchaser and to the extent
the selling price is reasonably determinable. The Company uses the sales method of accounting for gas balancing of gas production
and would recognize a liability if the existing proven reserves were not adequate to cover the current imbalance situation.



liability for an asset retirement obligation in the period in which the well is spud or the asset is acquired and a corresponding
increase in the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset. The liability is accreted to its present value each period
 and
the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. If the liability is settled for an amount other
than the recorded amount
 a gain or loss is recognized.



of accounting for oil and gas operations whereby all costs related to the exploration and development of oil and gas properties
are initially capitalized into a single cost center (&quot;full cost pool&quot;). Such costs include land acquisition costs
 geological
and geophysical expenses
 carrying charges on non-producing properties
 costs of drilling directly related to acquisition
 and
exploration activities. Internal costs that are capitalized are directly attributable to acquisition
 exploration and development
activities and do not include costs related to the production
 general corporate overhead or similar activities. Costs associated
with production and general corporate activities are expensed in the period incurred. Capitalized costs are summarized as follows
for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively:



    
    




    



    
    
    

    
172
503
138
591

    
    
    

    
172
503
138
591



be credited to the full cost pool
 with no gain or loss recognized
 unless such a sale would significantly alter the relationship
between capitalized costs and the proved reserves attributable to these costs. A significant alteration would typically involve
a sale of 20% or more of the proved reserves related to a single full cost pool. During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company
sold approximately 509 net acres for total proceeds of $1
893
649. During the year ended December 31
 2011
 the Company sold approximately
123 net acres for total proceeds of $336
925. The Company assesses all items classified as unevaluated property on a quarterly
basis for possible impairment or reduction in value. The assessment includes consideration of the following factors
 among others:
intent to drill; remaining lease term; geological and geophysical evaluations; drilling results and activity; the assignment of
proved reserves; and the economic viability of development if proved reserves are assigned. During any period in which these factors
indicate an impairment
 the cumulative drilling costs incurred to date for such property and all or a portion of the associated
leasehold costs are transferred to the full cost pool and are then subject to amortization.


properties and properties having proved reserves
 estimated future development costs
 and asset retirement costs under FASB ASC
410-20-25 are depleted and amortized on the unit-of-production method based on the estimated gross proved reserves as determined
by independent petroleum engineers. The costs of unproved properties are withheld from the depletion base until such time as they
are either developed or abandoned.


(net of related deferred income taxes) may not exceed an amount equal to the present value
 discounted at 10% per annum
 of the
estimated future net cash flows from proved oil and gas reserves plus the cost of unproved properties (adjusted for related income
tax effects). Should capitalized costs exceed this ceiling
 impairment is recognized. The present value of estimated future net
cash flows is computed by applying the arithmetic average first day price of oil and natural gas for the preceding twelve months
to estimated future production of proved oil and gas reserves as of the end of the period
 less estimated future expenditures to
be incurred in developing and producing the proved reserves and assuming continuation of existing economic conditions. Such present
value of proved reserves' future net cash flows excludes future cash outflows associated with settling asset retirement obligations.
Should this comparison indicate an excess carrying value
 the excess is charged to earnings as an impairment expense. We recognized
$-0- and $2
392
742 of impairment costs during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.



and gas sales to various purchasers
 the market for which has very inelastic demand. Due to this
 we didn&rsquo;t consider any
purchasers to represent a material concentration to our sales for the years ended December 31
 2012 or 2011
 as we believe any
of our customers could easily be replaced.


we depend on our drilling partner operators to perform the drilling and other operating activities required for all sales of oil
and gas. These operators are also responsible for remitting to us our revenue proceeds and billing us for drilling costs and lease
operating expenses incurred. We had material concentrations of accounts receivable owed from two (2) and three (3) operators during
the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
 representing 44% and 80% of total oil and gas revenues and 28% and 65%
of total oil and gas accounts receivable as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 we had
66 and 24 gross producing wells
 respectively
 and 2.30 and 0.68 net producing wells
 respectively. As of December 31
 2012 and
2011
 these two (2) and three (3) operating partners operated 38% and 46% of these gross producing wells
 respectively.



to be held and used be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of
an asset may not be recoverable. Oil and gas properties accounted for using the full cost method of accounting (which the Company
uses) are excluded from this requirement but continue to be subject to the full cost method's impairment rules.


loans be measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan&rsquo;s effective interest rate
or
 as a practical expedient
 at the loan&rsquo;s observable market price or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral
dependent.



are computed by dividing net income (the numerator) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period
(the denominator). Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares and potential
common shares outstanding (if dilutive) during each period. Potential common shares include stock options
 warrants and restricted
stock. The number of potential common shares outstanding relating to stock options
 warrants and restricted stock is computed using
the treasury stock method.



    
    



EPS and diluted EPS for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 are as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
47
789
225
42
882
772

    
    
    

    
272
014
    

    
48
061
239
42
882
772



excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS because their effect was antidilutive were 7
513
709 and 6
047
375 as of
December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.

Stock-Based
Compensation

based compensation upon inception at April 9
 2010. Under FASB ASC 718-10-30-2
 all share-based payments to employees
 including
grants of employee stock options
 are to be recognized in the income statement based on their fair values. Pro forma disclosure
is no longer an alternative. Amortization of the fair values of common stock and stock options issued for services and compensation
totaled $1
288
448 and $753
860 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
 including $438
539 and $43
120
 respectively
of common stock valued at the fair market value based on the Company&rsquo;s closing trading price on the date of grant. The fair
values of stock options were determined using the Black-Scholes options pricing model and an effective term of 6 to 6.5 years based
on the weighted average of the vesting periods and the stated term of the option grants and the discount rate on 5 to 7 year U.S.
Treasury securities at the grant date and are being amortized over the related implied service term
 or vesting period.



 2010
the Company adopted new standards for accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. These standards prescribe a recognition threshold
and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken
in a tax return. These standards also provide guidance on de-recognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in
interim periods
 disclosure
 and transition.


audit the Company&rsquo;s income tax returns. These audits include questions regarding the Company&rsquo;s tax filing positions
including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income to various tax jurisdictions. In evaluating the exposures
connected with these various tax filing positions
 including state and local taxes
 the Company records allowances for probable
exposures. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter
 for which an allowance has been established
 is audited and
fully resolved. The Company
 Inc. has not yet undergone an examination by any taxing authorities. The Company had indemnified Voyager
Oil and Gas (Ante4)
 however
 for any unrecognized liabilities which was limited to $2
500
000
 and terminated on or about April
15
 2012
 subject to customary exceptions from these limitations. In July of 2011 the Internal Revenue Service completed an examination
of federal income tax returns of Voyager Oil and Gas (Ante4) for the years ended January 3
 2010 and December 28
 2008. As a result
of the examination we reimbursed Voyager Oil and Gas for their payments of $11
417 of federal taxes and
 based on the federal examination
amended state returns in California that totalled an additional $48
666 in state taxes. In addition
 we reimbursed Voyager Oil
and Gas for their payments of an additional $37
903 in California payroll taxes related to an underpayment by Ante4 from 2010.


tax position relies on the judgment of management to estimate the exposures associated with the Company&rsquo;s various filing
positions.




 &mdash; In
May 2011
 the FASB issued Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820) &mdash; Amendments to Achieve Common Fair Value Measurement and Disclosure
Requirements in U.S. GAAP and IFRSs (ASU 2011-04)
 which provides clarifications regarding existing fair value measurement principles
and disclosure requirements
 and also specific new guidance for items such as measurement of instruments classified within stockholders&rsquo;
equity. These requirements were effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2011. We implemented the
accounting and disclosure guidance effective January 1
 2012
 and the implementation did not have a material impact on our financial
statements. For required fair value measurement disclosures
 see Note 7.



    
    


 &mdash; In
June 2011
 the FASB issued Comprehensive Income (Topic 220) &mdash; Presentation of Comprehensive Income (ASU 2011-05)
 which requires
the presentation of the components of net income
 the components of OCI and total comprehensive income in either a single continuous
financial statement of comprehensive income or in two separate
 but consecutive financial statements of net income and comprehensive
income. These updates do not affect the items reported in OCI or the guidance for reclassifying such items to net income. These
requirements were effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2011. We implemented the financial statement
presentation guidance effective January 1
 2012. The adoption of ASU 2011-05 did not have a material impact on our financial position
or results of operations.


 &mdash;
In December 2011
 the FASB issued Balance Sheet (Topic 210) &mdash; Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities (ASU 2011-11)
which requires disclosures regarding netting arrangements in agreements underlying derivatives
 certain financial instruments and
related collateral amounts
 and the extent to which an entity&rsquo;s financial statement presentation policies related to netting
arrangements impact amounts recorded to the financial statements. These disclosure requirements do not affect the presentation
of amounts in the balance sheets
 and are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1
 2013
 and interim
periods within those annual reporting periods. We do not expect the implementation of this disclosure guidance to have a material
impact on our financial statements.



were issued in 2012 with effective dates subsequent to December 31
 2012. We have evaluated the recently issued accounting pronouncements
that are effective in 2013 and believe that none of them will have a material effect on our financial position
 results of operations
or cash flows when adopted.


 we are monitoring the joint standard-setting
efforts of the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the International Accounting Standards Board. There are a large number
of pending accounting standards that are being targeted for completion in 2013 and beyond
 including
 but not limited to
 standards
relating to revenue recognition
 accounting for leases
 fair value measurements
 accounting for financial instruments
 disclosure
of loss contingencies and financial statement presentation. Because these pending standards have not yet been finalized
 at this
time we are not able to determine the potential future impact that these standards will have
 if any
 on our financial position
results of operations or cash flows.




 2012
and 2011
 we granted various awards to our Officers and Directors as compensation for their services. These related party grants
are fully disclosed in Note 10 below.



 2011
 we entered into a Revolving
Credit and Security Agreement (the &ldquo;PrenAnte5 Credit Agreement&rdquo;) with certain lenders (collectively
 the &ldquo;Lenders&rdquo;
and individually a &ldquo;Lender&rdquo;) and Prenante5
 LLC
 as agent for the Lenders (PrenAnte5
 LLC
 in such capacity
 the &ldquo;Agent&rdquo;).
The facility provided $10 million in financing to be made available for drilling projects on the Company&rsquo;s North Dakota Bakken
and Three Forks position. The Company drew $2
000
000 utilizing the PrenAnte5 Credit Agreement in February of 2012 and subsequently
paid in full and terminated the agreement in April of 2012.


 one of the Company&rsquo;s
former directors
 participated as a Lender through the Agent with a commitment amount of $1.5 million in the facility. In consideration
for his participation through the agent
 Mr. Goldfarb was issued 75
000 warrants (his pro-rata share as a Lender) with the same
terms and conditions as the other warrants issued in connection with the closing of the PrenAnte5 Credit Agreement. The warrants
vested on the May 2
 2012
 the one year anniversary of the grant and are exercisable until May 1
 2016 at an exercise price of
$0.95 per share. The total estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model
 based on a volatility rate of 97% and a call
option value of $0.7837
 was $58
781
 and was amortized over the three year life of the credit agreement and the amortization was
accelerated in 2012 to fully amortize the remaining unamortized value upon termination of the agreement. The Company recognized
compensation expense of $45
719 and $13
062 during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.



    
    




 Steve
Lipscomb
 received a commission of 5% of a royalty stream from Peerless Media Ltd.
 recorded on the balance sheet as of December
31
 2011 as a contingent consideration receivable
 as a result of an incentive arrangement with Mr. Lipscomb that was approved
by Ante4&rsquo;s Board of Directors in February 2009. Mr. Lipscomb has received a total of $26
468 and $23
170 during the years
ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
 of which $19
071 in royalties were received by Mr. Lipscomb while an officer of
the Company in 2012. As a result of the settlement of litigation related to the same agreement
 Mr. Lipscomb was due 5% of the
settlement payments from the litigation settlement amounting to approximately $548
827 of which $432
593 was paid in 2012 and the
remaining $116
234 is due upon receipt by the Company of the final settlement payment from Peerless Media
 Ltd.


space on a month to month basis where the lessor is an entity owned by our former CEO and current Chairman of the Board of Directors
Bradley Berman. The sublease agreement was cancelled and we entered into a direct lease on April 30
 2012 to expand and occupy
approximately 1
142 square feet of office space. In accordance with this lease
 our lease term remains on a month-to-month basis
provided that either party may provide 90 day notice to terminate the lease
 with base rents of $1
142 per month
 plus common area
operations and maintenance charges
 and monthly parking fees of $240 per month
 for the first year commencing on May 1
 2012
 and
subject to increases of $24 per month for each of the subsequent four year periods. We have paid a total of $26
546 and $13
208
to this entity during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.


562
to an entity owned by our former CEO and current Chairman of the Board of Directors
 Bradley Berman for administrative services
provided during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.

Note 4 &ndash; Oil
and Gas Properties


net productive oil wells by state at December 31
 2012 and 2011. A net well represents our percentage ownership of a gross well.
The following tables do not include wells in which our interest is limited to royalty and overriding royalty interests. The following
tables also do not include wells which were awaiting completion
 in the process of completion or awaiting flow back subsequent
to fracture stimulation.




    
    
December 31
 2012
    
    
December 31
 2011

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




consist of all acreage acquisition costs (including cash expenditures and the value of stock consideration)
 drilling costs and
other associated capitalized costs. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 our principal oil and gas assets included approximately 12
256
and 10
457 net acres
 respectively
 located in North Dakota and Montana.



    
    



costs for the purchase and development of our oil and gas properties for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011:



    



    
    
    

    
21
839
963
12
731
225

    
2
618
145
2
422
150

    
(2
422
150
    

    
    
4
940
269

    
58
688
3
391


 oil and gas properties
22
094
646
20
097
035




 the Company purchased approximately
2
306 net mineral acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota and Montana. In consideration for the assignment of these mineral
leases
 we paid the sellers a total of approximately $3
249
347. Of these acquisitions
 110 acres acquired on February 14
 2012
were acquired from the State of North Dakota. The operator of this well has filed a lawsuit against the state challenging the state&rsquo;s
ownership in these mineral rights. As a result
 we have not capitalized any Authorization for Expenditure costs (&ldquo;AFE&rdquo;)
or recognized any sales from this well. In the event the operator is successful in their litigation with the state
 the state is
required to refund our original purchase price for the lease.



 the Company sold approximately
506 net mineral acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota for total proceeds of $1
893
649. No gain or loss was recorded
pursuant to the sales.



 the Company purchased approximately
6
867 net mineral acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota and Montana. In consideration for the assignment of these mineral
leases
 we paid the sellers a total of approximately $12
507
552
 including 3
852
851 shares of common stock valued at $4
940
269.



 2011
 the Company sold
a total of approximately 123 net acres at $2
750 per acre for total proceeds of $336
925. No gain or loss was recorded pursuant
to the sale.

Note 5 &ndash; Asset
Retirement Obligation


associated with the future plugging and abandonment of proved properties and related facilities. Under the provisions of FASB ASC
410-20-25
 the fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation is recorded in the period in which it is incurred and
a corresponding increase in the carrying amount of the related long lived asset. The liability is accreted to its present value
each period
 and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. If the liability is settled for
an amount other than the recorded amount
 a gain or loss is recognized. The Company has no assets that are legally restricted for
purposes of settling asset retirement obligations.


obligation transactions recorded in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC 410-20-25 during the years ended December 31
 2012
and 2011:



    



    
    
    

    
3
900
    

    
58
688
3
391

    
4
557
    

    
67
145
3
900




    
    


Note 6 &ndash; Litigation Settlements
and Contingent Consideration Receivable



Inc. (&ldquo;Ante4&rdquo;) and Peerless Media Ltd. (&ldquo;Peerless&rdquo;) during fiscal year 2009
 pursuant to which
 Ante4 sold
substantially all of its operating assets (the &ldquo;Transaction&rdquo;) and a spin-off on April 16
 2010 to Ante5
 Inc.
 now
Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 the Company was entitled to receive
 in perpetuity
 5% of gross gaming
revenue and 5% of other revenue of Peerless generated by Ante4&rsquo;s former business and assets that were sold to Peerless in
the Transaction
 subject to a 5% commission presented as Royalties Payable on the balance sheet. Peerless had guaranteed a minimum
payment to the Company of $3 million for such revenue over the three-year period following the closing of the Transaction on November
2
 2009. The Company prepared a discounted cash flow model to determine an estimated fair value of this portion of the purchase
price as of November 2
 2009. This value was recorded on the balance sheet of Ante4. In connection with the spin-off described
above
 on April 16
 2010 Ante4 distributed this asset to its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Ante5
 Inc.
 which was spun-off and a registration
statement was filed on Form 10-12/A
 along with an Information Statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the purpose
of spinning off the Ante5 shares from Ante4
 Inc. to its stockholders of record on April 15
 2010. The following is a summary of
the contingency consideration receivable and related royalties payable through December 31
 2012:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
spun-off
 April 16
 2010
    
7
532
985
    
    
(415
000)
    
    
7
117
985

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
(182
335)
    
    
11
343
    
    
(170
992)

    
    
(878
650)
    
    
80
057
    
    
(798
593)

Balance
 December 31
 2010
    
6
472
000
    
    
(323
600)
    
    
6
148
400

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
(463
398)
    
    
23
169
    
    
(440
229)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Balance
 December 31
 2011
    
6
008
602
    
    
(300
431)
    
    
5
708
171

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
(529
361)
    
    
26
468
    
    
(502
893)

    
    
(5
479
241)
    
    
&nbsp;273
963
    
    
(5
205
278)

Balance
 December 31
 2012
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 2012
 the Company entered
into a settlement agreement with Peerless and ElectraWorks
 Ltd. (&ldquo;ElectraWorks&rdquo;) to settle all claims regarding Peerless&rsquo;s
performance of obligations with respect to the business purchased by Peerless from Ante4
 Inc. in November 2009 (the &quot;Litigation&quot;).
The Litigation was pending before Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services (JAMS) in Los Angeles
 California. Under the settlement
agreement
 Peerless/ElectraWorks will pay the Company $13.5 million
 of which $11
000
000 was received by the Company in 2012 and
the remaining $2.5 million is payable on or before December 31
 2013. In addition
 Peerless/ElectraWorks will make payments to
the Company upon certain contingencies related to the passage of federal or state legislation permitting real money online poker
and Peerless/ElectraWorks or one of their affiliates obtaining such a license. The maximum amount of these contingent payments
is $6.5 million with the amount determined based on how such legislation is enacted. Under the settlement agreement the Company
has released its rights to the royalty stream and no further payments are due from Peerless/ElectraWorks other than those set forth
in the settlement agreement.


fees of $2 million
 of which $1.84 million was paid in 2012
 as well as various costs out of the proceeds. In addition
 as a result
of an incentive arrangement with Steve Lipscomb
 a former officer of the Company that was approved by WPT Enterprises
 Inc.&rsquo;s
Board of Directors in February 2009
 Mr. Lipscomb is receiving 5% of the settlement payments
 net of attorneys&rsquo; fees and
other costs; as such amounts are received by the Company.



    
    



 2012
 Company has recorded
a receivable of $2.5 million for the remaining litigation settlement and payables of $160
000 and $116
233 related to remaining
contingent attorneys&rsquo; fees payable and amounts due Mr. Lipscomb
 respectively. The contingent consideration receivable of
$5
479
241 and the royalty payable of $273
963 as of the settlement date were relieved as a part of the settlement resulting in
a net gain of $5
745
895. The Company has expensed non-contingent expenses and fees associated with pursuing the settlement as
those expenses and fees were incurred amounting to $333
176 and $165
251 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.



 2012
 the Company and other
parties entered into a settlement agreement with Deloitte &amp; Touche
 LLP (&quot;Deloitte &amp; Touche&quot;) to settle all claims
between the parties arising out of the case of WPT Enterprises
 Inc. v. Deloitte &amp; Touche
 before the Superior Court of the
State of California
 County of Los Angeles (the &quot;Litigation&quot;). The claims in the Litigation were assigned to the Company
as part of the Company&rsquo;s distribution (spin-off) agreement with Ante4
 Inc. On November 1
 2012
 after satisfying obligations
to various parties
 including litigation counsel
 the Company received $5.4 million of net proceeds under the settlement agreement
as its share of the settlement proceeds
 representing $9 million of settlement income and $3.6 million of related legal fees. The
parties agreed to stipulate to the dismissal of the Litigation and to a mutual release of all claims. The Company has expensed
non-contingent expenses and fees associated with pursuing the settlement as those expenses and fees were incurred amounting to
$37
758 and $35
315 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.

Note 7 &ndash; Fair Value of Financial
Instruments


inception at April 9
 2010. Under FASB ASC 820-10-5
 fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset
or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (an exit price).
The standard outlines a valuation framework and creates a fair value hierarchy in order to increase the consistency and comparability
of fair value measurements and the related disclosures. Under GAAP
 certain assets and liabilities must be measured at fair value
and FASB ASC 820-10-50 details the disclosures that are required for items measured at fair value.


and a revolving credit facility that must be measured under the fair value standard. The Company&rsquo;s financial assets and liabilities
are measured using inputs from the three levels of the fair value hierarchy. The three levels are as follows:


quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the measurement
date.


prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets
that are not active
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (e.g.
 interest rates
 yield
curves
 etc.)
 and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means
(market corroborated inputs).


that reflect our assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.


of financial instruments at fair value on a recurring basis in the balances sheet as of December 31
 2012 and 2011:




    

 2012

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
417
340
    
    

    
1
417
340
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
5
748
844
    

    
    
5
748
844
    

    
1
417
340
5
748
844
    




    
    




    

 2011

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
401
141
    
    

    
1
401
141
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
1
401
141
    
    



or liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 inputs for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.


credit facilities. No fair value adjustment was necessary during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.



PrenAnte5
 LLC Revolving credit facility

 2011
 we entered into a Revolving
Credit and Security Agreement (the &ldquo;Credit Agreement&rdquo;) with certain lenders (collectively
 the &ldquo;Lenders&rdquo;
and individually a &ldquo;Lender&rdquo;) and Prenante5
 LLC
 as agent for the Lenders (PrenAnte5
 LLC
 in such capacity
 the &ldquo;Agent&rdquo;).
The facility provided $10 million in financing to be made available for drilling projects on the Company&rsquo;s North Dakota Bakken
and Three Forks position. The facility terms stated it would be available for a period of three years over which time we may draw
on the line seven times
 pay the line down three times
 and terminate the facility without penalty one time. The facility set the
minimum total draw at $500
000 and required the Company
 upon each draw
 to provide the Lender with a compliance certificate that
along with other usual and customary financial covenants
 stated that the Company has at least twelve months interest coverage
on its balance sheet in cash. We received our first draw of $2
000
000 on February 24
 2012
 and subsequently repaid the balance
plus accrued interest of $51
722 on April 12
 2012 when we terminated the revolving credit facility.

Dougherty Funding
 LLC Revolving credit
facility

 2012
 the Company entered into
a Secured Revolving Credit Agreement with Dougherty Funding
 LLC as Lender which was subsequently amended on September 5
 2012
with an Amended and Restated Secured Revolving Credit Agreement (collectively the &ldquo;Credit Facility&rdquo;). Under the terms
of the amended Credit Facility
 up to $20
000
000 maximum is available from time to time (i) to fund
 or to reimburse the Company
for
 the Company&rsquo;s pro-rata share of development and production costs for oil wells that relate to the Company&rsquo;s oil
and gas leasehold interests for which there is a valid and enforceable Authorization for Expenditure and that are incurred from
and after the date of the Credit Facility
 and (ii) to reimburse the Company for amounts that the Company paid from its own funds
or from funds that it borrowed under its previous credit facility from Prenante5
 LLC as agent pursuant to the Revolving Credit
and Security Agreement dated May 2
 2011 (the &ldquo;Previous Credit Facility&rdquo;). Of the $20 million Credit Facility
 $16.5
million is currently available. If the Company has not successfully completed an equity offering of at least $10
000
000 by August
31
 2014
 then advances will no longer be available under the Credit Facility.


of the Credit Facility accrues and is payable monthly at 9.25% per year. The Company must also pay the Lender quarterly a commitment
fee in an amount equal to 0.25% of the average line of credit available
 but not advanced
 for the previous quarter. The Company
must make payments equal to 90% of the Company&rsquo;s earnings before taxes
 depreciation and amortization (excluding certain
items as defined in the Credit Agreement) on a quarterly basis as a principal payment on the loan.



    
    



all of the Company&rsquo;s assets and has typical representations and warranties
 covenants
 and events of default
 including
subject to certain exceptions
 incurrence of additional indebtedness. The Credit Agreement requires that the Company meet certain
conditions to obtain additional advances under the Credit Facility
 including providing certain documentation related to the Company&rsquo;s
oil and gas properties. The Lender has the right to approve advances for properties which are not held by production. In addition
the Company must maintain available cash and specified cash equivalents in an amount that is not less than the greater of (i) $300
000
and (ii) 12 months&rsquo; then-regularly scheduled payments of interest on the outstanding amount of advances.


1
 2015. The Credit Facility may be prepaid with thirty (30) days written notice at any time. In connection with the amended financing
the Company agreed to issue Dougherty Funding
 LLC warrants to purchase up to 900
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
of which 585
000 shares have currently been issued
 at an exercise price of $0.38. The warrants expire on August 31
 2015.


 2012
of $2
450
000
 and used $2
051
722 of the proceeds to repay and terminate our outstanding PrenAnte5 revolving credit facility
including interest of $51
722.


the following as of December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011
 respectively:



    



    
    
    


 LLC Revolving Credit Facility
    
    

    
    
    


 LLC Revolving Credit Facility
5
748
844
    

    
    
    

    
5
748
844
    



expense by instrument type for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively:



    



    
    
    


 interest
51
722
    


 finance charges
52
049
14
872


 warrant costs
304
788
87
084


 interest
633
324
    


 finance charges
138
531
    


 warrant costs
12
864
    

    
1
193
278
101
956




Preferred Stock


 2010 (inception) the Company
authorized 20
000
000 shares of $0.001 par value preferred stock. No shares have been issued to date.

Common Stock


 2010 (inception) the Company
authorized 100
000
000 shares of $0.001 par value common stock.


 2012
 the Company reincorporated
into the state of Nevada. In conjunction with the reincorporation
 the Company increased the number of authorized shares of common
stock from 100
000
000 to 500
000
000.



    
    



 2012
 the Company issued 577
025
shares of common stock in satisfaction of a subscription payable granted on March 22
 2012 as part of a deposit on the purchase
of certain oil and gas mineral leases
 which was subsequently terminated on June 1
 2012. The shares were non-refundable in the
event that we decided not to close the purchase. As a result
 the $438
539 fair value of the shares was expensed on June 1
 2012
and is presented within general and administrative expense in our condensed statements of operations.


 2011 the Company&rsquo;s
Board of Directors issued 44
000 shares of restricted common stock to an independent contractor for investor relations services
provided. The total fair value of the common stock was $43
120 based on the closing price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
on the date of grant.


 2011
 we closed on a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Purchase Agreement&rdquo;) with multiple accredited investors (the &ldquo;Purchasers&rdquo;) to
sell 6
142
500 units (&ldquo;Units&rdquo;) at a price of $1.00 per Unit
 with each Unit consisting of one share of our common stock
and a five-year warrant to purchase one-half of one share of the Company&rsquo;s common stock for a total of 3
071
250 shares at
an exercise price of $1.50 per share (the &ldquo;Offering&rdquo;). The Company may redeem outstanding warrants prior to their expiration
at a price of $0.01 per share
 provided that the volume weighted average sale price per share of Common Stock equals or exceeds
$2.50 per share for ten (10) consecutive trading days ending on the third business day prior to the mailing of notice of such redemption
and provided that a resale registration statement with respect to exercise of the warrants is declared effective. Net proceeds
to the Company from the sale of the Units
 after deducting selling commissions and offering expenses
 were approximately $5.6 million.
The proceeds received were allocated between the common stock and warrants on a relative fair value basis.


connection with this offering an aggregate fee equal to 7.0% of the gross proceeds from the sale of the Units in the Offering.
Additionally
 the Company issued warrants to the agents to purchase an aggregate of 307
125 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common
stock at an exercise price of $1.00 per share to the Agents (the &ldquo;Agents&rsquo; Warrants&rdquo;).


 2011 a total of 12
000 options
were exercised at various prices between $0.05 and $0.29 per share
 resulting in the receipt of total proceeds of $1
680.


 2011 a total of 24
000 options
were exercised at various prices between $0.05 and $0.51 per share by our former CEO in exchange for total proceeds of $7
800.


 2011
 the Company acquired
a total of 3
837 net mineral acres of undeveloped oil and gas properties located in Dunn County
 North Dakota. In consideration
for the assignment of these mineral leases
 the Company paid a total of $2
685
900 of cash and issued 2
302
200 shares of our common
stock. The fair value of the common stock exchanged was $2
578
464 based on the closing stock price at the date of agreement.


 2011
 the Company acquired
a total of 116 net mineral acres of undeveloped oil and gas properties located in Mountrail and Williams Counties within North
Dakota. In consideration for the assignment of these mineral leases
 the Company paid a total of $145
025 of cash and issued 55
689
shares of our common stock. The fair value of the common stock exchanged was $70
725 based on the closing stock price at the date
of agreement.


 2011 a total of 24
000 options
were exercised at various prices between $0.05 and $0.51 per share for total proceeds of $7
800. The shares were subsequently issued
on April 4
 2011.


 2011
 we closed an asset purchase
agreement with certain sellers under which we acquired the sellers&rsquo; ownership interest in several mineral leases covering
approximately 1
105 net acres of undeveloped oil and gas properties and 20 net acres of developed producing properties in Mountrail
Williams and Burke Counties in North Dakota in the Williston Basin. In consideration for their assignment of the mineral leases
we paid the sellers a total of $1
372
787 of cash and issued to them 871
960 shares of our common stock
 and issued an additional
400
000 shares of our common stock to an unaffiliated designee of the sellers. The fair value of the common stock exchanged was
$1
933
379 based on the closing stock price at the date of agreement.



    
    



 2011
 we closed an asset
purchase agreement with certain sellers under which we acquired the sellers&rsquo; ownership interest in several mineral leases
covering approximately 732 net acres of oil and gas properties in Williams
 Mountrail
 Dunn
 Burke
 Billings
 Golden Valley
 McKenzie
and Stark counties in North Dakota. In consideration for their assignment of these mineral leases
 we paid the sellers a total
of $821
270 of cash and issued to them 205
050 shares of our common stock. The fair value of the common stock exchanged was $328
080
based on the closing stock price at the date of agreement.


 2011 we acquired additional
oil and gas acreage from three unaffiliated sellers in two separate transactions encompassing mineral leases covering a total of
approximately 117 net acres in Mountrail
 Williams and Dunn counties in North Dakota for which we paid total cash of $215
975 and
issued a total of 17
952 shares of our common stock. The fair value of the common stock exchanged was $29
621 based on the closing
stock price at the date of agreement.



 the Company relieved total
liabilities of $183
015 from accounts payable incurred prior to our spin-off from Ante4
 Inc. on April 16
 2010. These liabilities
were tested in the current year and determined not to be validly owed liabilities by Ante4
 Inc. Our indemnification agreement
pursuant to the spin-off terminated during 2012 and we no longer bear any liability for unclaimed liabilities. The original transactions
did not have an impact on our statements of operations. As a result
 the adjustment did not affect current period income.



the Company to implement a reverse stock split of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding shares of Common Stock at a ratio of up to 1:10
and any related amendment to the Company&rsquo;s certificate of incorporation. Our stockholders have also approved the amendment
by written consent.


the Board of Directors has the authority to decide whether to implement a reverse stock split and the exact amount of the split
within the foregoing range
 if it is to be implemented. If the reverse split is implemented
 the number of issued and outstanding
shares of Common Stock would be reduced in accordance with the exchange ratio selected by the Board of Directors or a committee
thereof. The total number of authorized shares of Common Stock will be reduced proportionately as a result of the reverse stock
split and the total number of shares of authorized preferred stock will remain unchanged at 20
000
000 shares.


among other things
 (i) better enable the Company to obtain a listing on a national securities exchange
 (ii) facilitate higher
levels of institutional stock ownership
 where investment policies generally prohibit investments in lower-priced securities and
(iii) better enable the Company to raise funds to finance its planned operations. There can be no assurance however that we will
be able to obtain a listing on a national securities exchange even if we implement the reverse stock split.




all options granted during the year ended December 31
 2012:



    
    
    
    
    
    
Black-Scholes
    Options
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
Term
    in
Pricing
    Model:
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Call
    Value
    
&nbsp;in
    2012
&nbsp;in
    2011

    
Benjamin
    Oehler
 Director
100
000
    
$
    0.53 
    
    
    
&nbsp;$&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;0.4468
    
&nbsp;$
    44
681 
&nbsp;$&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;661
    
&nbsp;$&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;-
    

    
Joseph Lahti
    Director
100
000
    
$
    0.53 
    
    
    
&nbsp;$&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;0.4468
    
44
681
    
661
    
-
    

    
Kenneth DeCubellis
    CEO
1
000
000
    
$
    0.27 
    
    
    
&nbsp;$&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;0.2316
    
31
294
    
1
651
    
-
    

    
James Moe
 CFO
500
000
    
$
    0.27 
    
    
    
&nbsp;$&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;0.2316
    
27
595
    
1
456
    
-
    

    
    
10
000
    
$
    0.27 
    
    
    
&nbsp;$&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;0.2316
    
313
    
17
    
-
    

    
Joseph Lahti
    Director
100
000
    
$
    0.31 
    
    
    
&nbsp;$&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;0.2607
    
26
066
    
1
731
    
-
    

    
    
150
000
    
$
    0.28 
    
    
    
&nbsp;$&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;0.2390
    
35
853
    
2
795
    
-
    

    
    
150
000
    
$
    0.40 
    
    
    
&nbsp;$&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;0.3398
    
50
965
    
4
168
    
-
    

    
    
2
110
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
$261
448
    
&nbsp;$&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;13
140
    
&nbsp;$&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;-
    




    
    



all options granted during the year ended December 31
 2011:



    
    
    
    
    
    
Black-Scholes
    Options
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
Term
    in
Pricing
    Model:
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Call
    Value
    
&nbsp;in
    2012
&nbsp;in
    2011

    
James Moe
 CFO
200
000
    
&nbsp;$&nbsp;&nbsp;1.00
    
    
    
    
$0.7352
    
&nbsp;$147
039
    
&nbsp;$&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;29
408
    
&nbsp;$&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;4
901
    

    
Joshua Wert
 Former
    COO
133
000
    
&nbsp;$&nbsp;&nbsp;1.00
    
    
    
    
$0.7352
    
97
781
    
13
475
    
3
259
    

    
    
10
000
    
&nbsp;$&nbsp;&nbsp;1.00
    
    
    
    
$0.7352
    
7
352
    
1
472
    
245
    

    
Morris Goldfarb
    Former Director
100
000
    
&nbsp;$&nbsp;&nbsp;1.00
    
    
    
    
$0.7352
    
73
519
    
12
253
    
2
451
    

    
Benjamin Oehler
    Director
100
000
    
&nbsp;$&nbsp;&nbsp;1.00
    
    
    
    
$0.7352
    
73
519
    
14
704
    
2
451
    

    
Kenneth DeCubellis
    CEO
1
000
000
    
&nbsp;$&nbsp;&nbsp;1.00
    
    
    
    
$0.7456
    
745
587
    
142
306
    
24
853
    

    
    
10
000
    
&nbsp;$&nbsp;&nbsp;1.00
    
    
    
    
$0.7436
    
7
436
    
1
400
    
620
    

    
James Moe
 CFO
500
000
    
&nbsp;$&nbsp;&nbsp;1.65
    
    
    
    
$1.3661
    
683
070
    
185
769
    
180
256
    

    
    
2
053
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
&nbsp;$1
835
303
    
&nbsp;$&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;400
787
    
&nbsp;$&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;219
036
    




 All options
vest in equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of the grant
 are exercisable for 10 years from the date
of the grant and are being amortized over the implied service term
 or vesting period
 of the options.



 2012
 an amendment (the &ldquo;Plan Amendment&rdquo;) to the 2012 Stock Incentive Plan of Black Ridge Oil
&amp; Gas
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) became effective. The Plan Amendment allows for the one-time re-pricing and re-granting
of stock options for certain option holders. The Plan Amendment did not alter any other terms of the Plan. Pursuant to the Plan
Amendment
 certain officers and employees of the Company agreed to the cancellation of their current stock option agreements in
exchange for new stock option agreements. Under the new stock option agreements
 covering 1
510
000 options
 each optionee&rsquo;s
original number of stock options remains the same. Kenneth DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer
 and James Moe
 Chief Financial
Officer
 grants of 1
000
000 and 500
000 shares
 respectively
 remain the same and have a new exercise price of $0.27
 along with
another 10
000 options granted to an employee. These options vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from
the date of grant on September 25
 2013
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries thereof until fully vested. The total incremental
fair value of the warrants in excess of the fair value immediately preceding the modification of the common stock options totaled
$59
202
 and is being amortized in addition to the original fair value
 over the vesting period of the options.

 Mr. Wert
resigned effective September 7
 2012
 and the unvested options were cancelled.



 2012. The board granted an accelerated vesting term for the first 20
000 options
that were set to vest on November 2
 2012
 and the remaining 80
000 unvested options were cancelled.



 2012
 113
333 common stock
options were forfeited pursuant to the resignation of a director.


 2012
 466
333 common stock
options were cancelled pursuant to the resignation of an officer.


2012 or 2011.



December 31
 2012 and 2011.



ended December 31
 2012. A total of 60
000 options were exercised at varying prices between $0.05 and $0.51 during the year ended
December 31
 2011
 resulting in total proceeds of $17
280.



    
    



about the Stock Options outstanding at December 31
 2012.




    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
4
149
001
    
    
    
    
    
1
391
002
    
    



estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions used
for grants under the fixed option plan:



    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



was developed for use in estimating the fair value of short-term traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully
transferable. In addition
 option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions including expected stock
price volatility. Because the Company&rsquo;s employee stock options have characteristics significantly different from those of
traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
 in management&rsquo;s
opinion the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its employee stock options.
During the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 there were no options granted with an exercise price below the fair value of
the underlying stock at the grant date.


granted with exercise prices at the current fair value of the underlying stock during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
was $0.31
 and $1.16 per option
 respectively.


of outstanding stock options:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2010
2
169
000
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
053
000
    

    
(60
000
    


 December 31
 2011
4
162
000
    

    
    
    

    
(2
122
999
    

    
2
110
000
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2012
4
149
001
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2012
1
391
002
    



$849
909 and $710
740 from the amortization of common stock options during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.



    
    








 2012
 we granted 585
000
warrants in connection with the amended Dougherty Funding
 LLC Revolving Credit Facility. The estimated value using the Black-Scholes
Pricing Model
 based on a volatility rate of 113% and a call option value of $0.2069
 was $121
054
 and is being amortized over
the approximate three year life of the amended facility. The remaining unamortized balance of those warrants is $108
190 as of
December 31
 2012. The Company recognized a total of $12
864 of interest expense during the year ended December 31
 2012.



 2011
 we issued a total of
3
071
250 warrants as part of a Securities Purchase Agreement with multiple accredited investors that purchased a total of 6
142
500
units at a price of $1.00 per Unit consisting of one share of our common stock and a five-year warrant to purchase one-half of
one share of the Company&rsquo;s common stock for a total of 3
071
250 shares at an exercise price of $1.50 per share. The Company
may redeem outstanding warrants prior to their expiration
 at a price of $0.01 per share
 provided that the volume weighted average
sale price per share of Common Stock equals or exceeds $2.50 per share for ten (10) consecutive trading days ending on the third
business day prior to the mailing of notice of such redemption and provided that a resale registration statement with respect to
exercise of the warrants is declared effective. In addition
 we issued warrants to the agents to purchase an aggregate of 307
125
shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at an exercise price of $1.00 per share to the Agents. Net proceeds to the Company from
the sale of the Units
 after deducting selling commissions and offering expenses
 were approximately $5.6 million. The proceeds
received were allocated between the common stock and warrants on a relative fair value basis.


 2011
 we entered into a Revolving
Credit and Security Agreement (the &ldquo;Credit Agreement&rdquo;) with certain lenders (collectively
 the &ldquo;Lenders&rdquo;
and individually a &ldquo;Lender&rdquo;) and Prenante5
 LLC
 as agent for the Lenders (PrenAnte5
 LLC
 in such capacity
 the &ldquo;Agent&rdquo;).
The facility provided $10 million in financing to be made available for drilling projects on the Company&rsquo;s North Dakota Bakken
and Three Forks position. The facility was originally available for a period of three years until it the Company terminated the
agreement on April 12
 2012
 over which time we had the ability to draw on the line seven times
 pay the line down three times
and terminate the facility without penalty one time. The facility set the minimum total draw at $500
000 and required The Company
upon each draw
 to provide the Lender with a compliance certificate that
 along with other usual and customary financial covenants
states that the Company had at least twelve months interest coverage on its balance sheet in cash.


Agreement on May 2
 2011
 the Company issued to each Lender a five-year warrant to purchase a number of shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock equal to an amount determined by multiplying 500
000 by such Lender&rsquo;s commitment percentage. The warrants vest
on the earlier of the 1 year anniversary of the grant date (May 2
 2012) or when 50% of the LOC has been advanced
 and are exercisable
until May 1
 2016 at an exercise price of $0.95 per share. The total estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model
 based
on a volatility rate of 97% and a call option value of $0.7837
 was $391
872
 and was amortized over the three year life of the
credit agreement
 and was accelerated to fully amortize the fair value as of the early termination date of the agreement on April
12
 2012. The Company recognized a total of $304
788 and $87
084 of interest expense during the years ended December 31
 2012 and
2011
 respectively.



or 2011.



December 31
 2012 and 2011.



ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.



    
    



about the Warrants outstanding at December 31
 2012:





    
    
Shares
Underlying

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Shares
    Underlying Warrants Outstanding
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
4
463
375
    
    
    
    
    
4
463
375
    
    



estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions used
for grants under the fixed option plan:



    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



was developed for use in estimating the fair value of short-term traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully
transferable. In addition
 option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions including expected stock
price volatility. Because the Company&rsquo;s employee stock options have characteristics significantly different from those of
traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
 in management&rsquo;s
opinion the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its employee stock options.
During the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 there were no warrants granted with an exercise price below the fair value
of the underlying stock at the grant date.


granted with exercise prices at the current fair value of the underlying stock during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
was $0.38 and $1.39 per option
 respectively.


of outstanding warrants:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2010
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
878
375
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2011
3
878
375
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
585
000
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2012
4
463
375
    

    
    
    


 December 31
 2012
4
463
375
    




    
    


Note 12 &ndash; Other
Income


 2011
we recognized a gain of $1
924 related to the sale of oil and gas equipment.


July 15
 2011 and December 21
 2011
 we recognized gains from settlements with vendors in the total amount of $36
151
 representing
disputed billings amounts outstanding prior to December 31
 2010.

Note 13 &ndash; Income
Taxes


of ASC Topic 740

 
deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on anticipated future tax consequences
 using currently enacted tax laws
attributable to temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and
the amounts calculated for income tax purposes.


years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 consisted of the following:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
720
601
(1
680
905

    
    
    

    
3
720
601
(1
680
905



ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 consisted of the following:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



as of December 31
 2012 increased by 2.6% from 3.41% as of December 31
 2011
 to 6.01%. This increase in the effective tax rate
is attributable to changes in the Company&rsquo;s state apportionment factors in the current year. Due to the legal settlement
amounts the Company received during the year being sourced to the state of Minnesota for income tax purposes
 a larger percentage
of the Company&rsquo;s activity is expected to be apportioned to that state. As compared to North Dakota
 the other state the
Company files tax returns in which has a corporate income tax rate of 5.15%
 the state of Minnesota has a 9.80% corporate income
tax rate.


and liabilities as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 are as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
466
977
2
932
099

    
837
761
336
229

    
54
943
51
464

    
27
535
1
498

    
3
387
216
3
321
290




    
    




    
    
    


 intangible drilling costs and other exploration costs capitalized for financial reporting purposes
(7
630
903
(1
731
321

    
    
(2
192
619

    
(15
192
(21
752

    
(7
646
095
(3
945
692

    
(4
258
879
(624
402

    
(473
817
(387
693

    
(4
732
696
(1
012
095



 2012
 the Company has
net operating loss carryover of approximately $6
015
738. Under existing Federal law
 the net operating loss may be utilized to
offset taxable income through the year ended December 31
 2032. A portion of the net operating loss carryover begins to expire
in 2030.


allowance is recognized if
 based on the weight of available evidence
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the
deferred tax asset will not be realized. The Company had recognized a valuation allowance reducing the carrying value of its deferred
tax asset by $387
693 as of December 31
 2011. As of December 31
 2012 the Company has increased its valuation allowance by $86
124
to $473
817. This increase was to more accurately reflect an allowance on only a portion of its deferred tax assets which the Company
believes it is more likely than not that the benefit of these assets will not be realized.


tax returns and annual income tax returns for the states of Minnesota and North Dakota. We are not subject to income tax examinations
by tax authorities for years before 2010 for all returns. Income taxing authorities have conducted no formal examinations of our
past Federal or state income tax returns and supporting records.


provisions of ASC Topic 740 regarding uncertainty in income taxes. The Company has found no significant uncertain tax positions
as of any date on or before December 31
 2012.

Note 14 &ndash; Commitments
and Contingencies


administrative proceedings and litigation relating to matters arising in the normal course of business. The Company is not currently
a defendant in any material litigation and is not aware of any threatened litigation that could have a material effect on the Company.
Management is not able to estimate the minimum loss to be incurred
 if any
 as a result of the final outcome of these matters but
believes they are not likely to have a material adverse effect upon the Company&rsquo;s financial position or results of operations
and
 accordingly
 no provision for loss has been recorded.


balances at banks in excess of federally insured amounts. The extent of loss
 if any
 to be sustained as a result of any future
failure of a bank or other financial institution is not subject to estimation at this time.


its participation in upcoming well development by signing an Authorization for Expenditure (&ldquo;AFE&rdquo;). As of December
31
 2012 the Company had committed to AFE&rsquo;s of approximately $1.1 million beyond amounts previously paid or accrued. Additionally
The Company acquired a lease for mineral rights from the State of North Dakota on February 14
 2012 for 110 acres or an 8.7% working
interest in the Dahl Federal 2-15H well that spud on January 6
 2012. The acreage we purchased lies within the riverbed of the
Missouri River and there is currently third-party litigation ongoing in the State of North Dakota pertaining to the state&rsquo;s
ownership claim to similar riparian acreage.&nbsp; We have signed an AFE for the well and the operator has agreed to retroactively
honor the AFE if the state is successful in defending its ownership claim. As a result we have not capitalized any of the AFE costs
or recognized any sales from this well. Our proportion of the well costs
 based on the AFE and our working interest
 is approximately
$800
000. The well started production on May 21
 2012. Had we recognized the revenue and expenses from this well we would have
recorded approximately an additional $468
000 in oil and gas sales and $124
000 of production taxes and operating expenses for
the year ended December 31
 2012. In the event the state is not successful in defending its ownership claim
 the state is required
to refund the Company the cost to purchase the lease.

Note 15 &ndash; Subsequent
Events



 2013 the Company purchased
approximately 800 net acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota and Montana. In consideration for the assignment of these
mineral leases
 we paid the sellers approximately $416
283. Additionally
 through March 15
 2013 the Company sold 60 net acres
of oil and gas properties in North Dakota for proceeds of $199
800.




 2013
 the Company granted
a total of 762
500 common stock options to officers and employees
 including 400
000 options granted to Ken DeCubellis
 the Company&rsquo;s
Chief Executive Officer
 and 115
000 options granted to James Moe
 the Company&rsquo;s Chief Financial Officer. All of the options
vest annually over five years beginning on the first anniversary of the grants and are exercisable until the tenth anniversary
of the date of grant at an exercise price of $0.56 per share. The total estimated fair value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model
based on a volatility rate of 110% and a call option value of $0.4725 was $360
307 and is being amortized over the vesting period.



    
    


SUPPLEMENTAL
OIL AND GAS INFORMATION



Oil and Natural
Gas Exploration and Production Activities


and gas sales reflect the market prices of net production sold or transferred with appropriate adjustments for royalties
 net profits
interest
 and other contractual provisions. Production expenses include lifting costs incurred to operate and maintain productive
wells and related equipment including such costs as operating labor
 repairs and maintenance
 materials
 supplies and fuel consumed.
Production taxes include production and severance taxes. Depletion of oil and natural gas properties relates to capitalized costs
incurred in acquisition
 exploration
 and development activities. Results of operations do not include interest expense and general
corporate amounts. The results of operations for the Company's oil and natural gas production activities are provided in the Company's
related statements of operations.

Costs Incurred
and Capitalized Costs


capitalized costs related to the Company&rsquo;s oil and gas producing activities were as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
35
248
983
10
867
443

    
9
055
513
13
236
057


 depletion and amortization
 and impairment
(5
755
855
(3
312
373

    
38
548
641
20
791
127



Company incurred the following costs for oil and natural gas acquisition
 exploration and development activities during the years
ended December 31
 2012 and 2011:



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
434
143
    

    
987
685
12
650
037

    
18
614
130
7
443
607

    
22
035
958
20
093
644



costs for unproved properties are accumulated by year. Costs are reflected in the full cost pool as the drilling costs are incurred
or as costs are evaluated and deemed impaired. The Company anticipates these excluded costs will be included in the depletion computation
over the next five years. The Company is unable to predict the future impact on depletion rates. The following is a summary of
capitalized costs excluded from depletion:



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
9
028
945
12
919
798

    
26
568
316
259

    
9
055
513
13
236
057


Oil and Natural
Gas Reserves and Related Financial Data


with respect to the Company's crude oil and natural gas producing activities is presented in the following tables. Reserve quantities
as well as certain information regarding future production and discounted cash flows
 were determined by Netherland
 Sewell &amp; Associates
 Inc.
 independent
petroleum consultants based on information provided by the Company.



    
    

SUPPLEMENTAL
OIL AND GAS INFORMATION


Oil and
Natural Gas Reserve Data


following tables present the Company's independent petroleum consultants' estimates of its proved oil and natural gas reserves.
The Company emphasizes that reserves are approximations and are expected to change as additional information becomes available.
Reservoir engineering is a subjective process of estimating underground accumulations of crude oil and natural gas that cannot
be measured in an exact way
 and the accuracy of any reserve estimate is a function of the quality of available data and of engineering
and geological interpretation and judgment.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
 2010
    
    

    
    
    


 discoveries and other additions
453
808
291
916

    
(21
545
(6
473


 2011
432
263
285
443

    
(26
256
25
070


 discoveries and other additions
1
455
882
1
127
965

    
388
927
207
806

    
(63
376
(25
840

    
(71
307
(15
756


 2012
2
116
133
1
604
688

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2011
119
117
79
383


 2012
452
595
340
160

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2011
313
146
206
060


 2012
1
663
538
1
264
528



reserves are estimated quantities of oil and natural gas
 which geological and engineering data indicate with reasonable certainty
to be recoverable in future years from known reservoirs under existing economic and operating conditions. Proved developed reserves
are proved reserves that can be expected to be recovered through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods.
Proved undeveloped reserves are included for reserves for which there is a high degree of confidence in their recoverability and
they are scheduled to be drilled within the next five years.

Standardized
Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Inflows and Changes Therein


following table presents a standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows relating to proved oil and natural gas reserves
and the changes in standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows relating to proved oil and natural gas were prepared
in accordance with the provisions of ASC 932-235-555 (formerly SFAS 69). Future cash inflows were computed by applying average
prices of oil and natural gas for the first day of the last twelve months as of December 31
 2012 to estimated future production.
Future production and development costs were computed by estimating the expenditures to be incurred in developing and producing
the proved oil and natural gas reserves at the end of the year
 based on year-end costs and assuming continuation of existing economic
conditions. Future income tax expenses were calculated by applying appropriate year-end tax rates to future pretax cash flows relating
to proved oil and natural gas reserves
 less the tax basis of properties involved and tax credits and loss carryforwards relating
to oil and natural gas producing activities. Future net cash flows are discounted at the rate of 10% annually to derive the standardized
measure of discounted future cash flows. Actual future cash inflows may vary considerably
 and the standardized measure does not
necessarily represent the fair value of the Company's oil and natural gas reserves. The following is a summary of the Company&rsquo;s
standardized measure of discounted future cash flows for the years as indicated:



    
    

SUPPLEMENTAL
OIL AND GAS INFORMATION





    



    
    
    

    
189
245
600
40
516
329

    
(57
521
100
(12
972
216

    
(49
284
100
(9
556
716

    
(23
163
250
    

    
59
277
150
17
987
397

    
(37
562
429
(10
432
324

    
21
714
721
7
555
073



twelve month average prices were adjusted to reflect applicable transportation and quality differentials on a well-by-well basis
to arrive at realized sales prices used to estimate the Company's reserves. The prices for the Company's reserve estimates were
as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    


 2012
    
    

    
    
    


 2011
    
    



in the Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows at 10% per annum are as follows:



    



    
    
    


 beginning of year
7
555
073
    


 net of production costs
(4
680
409
(1
175
512

    
(289
171
    

    
(429
455
    

    
18
311
978
8
730
585

    
80
830
    

    
4
716
587
    

    
(258
040
    

    
2
955
579
    

    
755
507
    

    
(6
224
479
    

    
(779
279
    


 end of year
21
714
721
7
555
073




    
    


ITEM
9.&#9;CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 








of disclosure controls and procedures that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports
we file or furnish to the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosures.


2012 we carried out an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined) in Exchange Act
Rules 13a &ndash;15(e). Based upon that evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
 as
of the end of the period covered in this report
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
within the required time periods and is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


Officer and Chief Financial Officer do not expect that our disclosure controls or internal controls will prevent all error and
all fraud. Although our disclosure controls and procedures were designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives
and our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have determined that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective
at doing so
 a control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute assurance that
the objectives of the system are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within the Company
have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty
 and that
breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally
 controls can be circumvented if there exists in an individual
a desire to do so. There can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions.

Management&rsquo;s Annual Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting.


for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule
13a-15(f). The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions
regardless of how remote. All internal control systems
 no matter how well designed
 have inherent limitations. Because of its
inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Therefore
 even those systems determined to be
effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.


under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness
of our internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31
 2012. In making this assessment
 our management used the criteria
set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in &ldquo;Internal Control &mdash; Integrated
Framework.&rdquo; Based on this assessment
 management believes that
 as of December 31
 2012
 our internal control over financial
reporting was effective based on those criteria.



    
    


Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting


changes in the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting through the date of this report or during the quarter
ended December 31
 2012
 that materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Company&rsquo;s internal control
over financial reporting.

Independent Registered Accountant&rsquo;s
Internal Control Attestation


does not include an attestation report of the Company&rsquo;s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by the Company&rsquo;s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to applicable law.









    
    




ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
 AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


officers and directors as of March 28
 2013:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    










Kenneth DeCubellis
has been our chief executive officer since November 9
 2011. Prior to joining Black Ridge
 Mr. DeCubellis was the president
and chief executive officer of Altra Inc.
 a venture capital backed biofuels company based in Los Angeles
 California.
He joined Altra in June 2006 as vice president
 business development and was promoted to president in November of 2007 and chief
executive officer in February 2008. From 1996 to 2006
 he was an executive with Exxon Mobil Corp in Houston
 Texas. Mr. DeCubellis
also previously served as the chairman of KD Global Energy Belize Ltd.
 a company that provides technical and business services
for petroleum lease holders in Belize. Mr. DeCubellis holds a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
and an MBA from Northwestern University&rsquo;s JL Kellogg Graduate School of Management.



Leadership experience &ndash; Mr. DeCubellis has been our chief executive officer since November
9
 2011
 chief executive officer of Altra Inc. (2008 to 2011)
 vice president- president of Altra Inc. (2006 to 2011)
and an executive
with Exxon Mobil Corp in Houston
 Texas. (1996 to 2006).

Industry experience - Mr. DeCubellis has been our chief executive officer from November 9
 2011
and has broad energy experience as
 chief executive officer of Altra Inc.
 a biofuel company
 and executive experience with Exxon
Mobil Corp.

Education experience - Mr. DeCubellis holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Rensselaer Polytechnic
Institute (1990)
 an MBA from Northwestern University&rsquo;s JL Kellogg Graduate School of Management (1996)
 and a Masters of
Engineering Management from Northwestern University&rsquo;s McCormick School of Engineering (1996).


has been the chief financial officer of Black Ridge since March 14
 2011. Mr. Moe had previously been the chief financial officer
of Northern Contours Inc.
 a multi-state manufacturing company located in Mendota Heights
 Minnesota specializing in cabinet doors
and work surfaces
 since August 2005. From January 2004 to August 2005
 he was the chief financial officer of Trimodal Inc.
 a
trucking and container handling company located in Bloomington
 Minnesota
 which operated in seven cities in the Midwest and East
Coast. From April 2000 to December 2003
 Mr. Moe was the corporate controller of Simondelivers.com
 a venture capital backed start-up
company located in Golden Valley
 Minnesota providing home delivery of groceries ordered over the internet. From October 1994 to
April 2000
 he was the corporate controller of Recovery Engineering Inc.
 a high growth publicly traded manufacturer and distributor
of small-scale water filters located in Brooklyn Park
 Minnesota. From November 1989 to October 1994
 Mr. Moe was the controller
of Standard Iron and Wire Works
 a privately held multi-division metal fabricator operating three plants in Minnesota. Upon graduating
from the University of Minnesota with a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting in 1985
 Mr. Moe worked as a senior accountant
until November 1989 for Boulay
 Heutmaker
 Zibell &amp; Company.




 When Mr. DeCubellis became
CEO of Altra Inc in 2008
 the company was in deep financial distress. Mr. DeCubellis implemented a comprehensive corporate wide
restructuring effort that was completed in 2009. This included restructuring and eliminating all of the debt at Altra Inc
 raising
capital at Altra Inc and refocusing the strategy of the company on a technology license. As part of this restructuring
 certain
wholly-owned subsidiaries of Altra
 Inc. surrendered assets to lenders or entered in receivership.



    
    




Leadership experience &ndash; Mr. Moe has been our chief financial officer since March 14
 2011
 chief financial officer of
Northern Contours Inc. (2005 to 2011)
 and chief financial officer of Trimodal Inc. (2004 to 2005).

Industry experience - Mr. Moe has been our chief financial officer since March 14
 2011 and has served as a chief financial
officer for businesses in other industries. Black Ridge is the first oil and gas company for which Mr. Moe has provided management
services.

Education experience - Mr. Moe holds a bachelor of science degree in accounting from the University
of Minnesota (1985).

Bradley Berman
has been a director of Black Ridge since our inception and our chairman since November 12
 2010. He was our chief executive
officer from November 12
 2010 to November 9
 2011
 our chief financial officer between November 12
 2010 and November 15
 2010
and our corporate secretary from November 12
 2010 to February 22
 2011. Mr. Berman is the president of King Show Games
 Inc.
a company he founded in 1998. Mr. Berman has worked in various capacities in casino gaming from 1992 to 2004 for Grand Casinos
Inc. and then Lakes Entertainment
 Inc.
 achieving the position of Vice President of Gaming
 after which he assumed a lesser role
in that company. Mr. Berman was a director of Voyager Oil and Gas
 Inc. (formerly Ante4 and WPT) from August 2004 to November 2010.



Leadership experience &ndash; Mr. Berman has been our chairman since November 12
 2010 and was
our chief executive officer from November 12
 2010 to November 9
 2011 and he is the founder and president of King Show Games
Inc.

Finance experience &ndash; Mr. Berman is the founder and president of King Show Games
 Inc.

Industry experience &ndash; Mr. Berman was a director of Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. until November
2010.

Education experience - Mr. Berman attended Mankato State University in Minnesota and University
of Nevada at Las Vegas in Nevada concentrating in business and computer science.

Benjamin S. Oehler
has been a director of Black Ridge since November 16
 2010
 and chairman of our audit committee and compensation committee
since February 22
 2011. Mr. Oehler is the president and founder of Bashaw Group
 Inc.
 which he founded in 2007. Bashaw Group
advises business owners with regard to strategic planning
 owner governance and education
 business continuity
 legacy
 philanthropy
and liquidity. Prior to founding Bashaw Group
 Mr. Oehler was from 1999 to 2007 the president and chief executive officer of Waycrosse
Inc.
 a financial advisory firm for the family owners of Cargill Incorporated. While at Waycrosse
 Mr. Oehler was the primary advisor
to the five family members who were serving on the Cargill Incorporated board of directors from 1999 to 2006. Mr. Oehler played
a key role in two major growth initiatives for Cargill: the merger of Cargill&rsquo;s fertilizer business into a public company
which is now Mosaic
 Inc.
 and the transformation of Cargill&rsquo;s proprietary financial markets trading group into two major
investment management companies: Black River Asset Management
 LLC and CarVal Investors
 LLC. An investment banker for 20 years
Mr. Oehler&rsquo;s transaction experience includes public offerings and private placements of debt and equity securities
 mergers
and acquisitions
 fairness opinions and valuations of private companies. Prior to joining Waycrosse
 Mr. Oehler was an investment
banker for Piper Jaffray. By the time he left Piper Jaffray in 1999
 he was group head for Piper&rsquo;s Industrial Growth Team.
He has also played a leadership role in a number of corporate buy-outs and venture stage companies
 served on corporate and non-profit
boards of directors
 and has been involved in the creation and oversight of foundations and charitable organizations
 as well as
U.S. trusts and off shore entities.


a board member and founder of many non-profit organizations including the Minnesota Zoological Society
 Minnesota Landscape Arboretum
The Lake Country Land School
 Greencastle Tropical Study Center
 Park Nicollet Institute
 Afton Historical Society Press
 United
Theological Seminary and University of Minnesota Investment Advisor
 Inc. He has been a director of Waycrosse
 Inc.
 WayTrust Inc.
Dain Equity Partners
 Inc.
 Time Management
 Inc.
 BioNIR
 Inc. and Agricultural Solutions
 Inc. In September 2007
 Mr. Oehler
completed the Stanford University Law School Directors Forum
 a three-day update on key issues facing corporate directors presented
by the Stanford Business School and Stanford Law School. From 1984 through 1999
 Mr. Oehler was registered with the National Association
of Securities Dealers (&ldquo;NASD&rdquo;) as a financial principal. Mr. Oehler is a graduate of the University of Minnesota College
of Liberal Arts and has completed all course work at the University of Minnesota Business School with a concentration in finance.



    
    




Leadership experience &ndash; Mr. Oehler is the president and founder of Bashaw Group
 Inc. (2007
to present)
 was the president and chief executive officer of Waycrosse
 Inc. (1997 to 2007). He served as an investment banker
for Piper Jaffray until 1999
 achieving the position of group head of its Industrial Growth Team.

Industry experience &ndash; Mr. Oehler has been a director of Waycrosse
 Inc.
 WayTrust Inc.
 Dain
Equity Partners
 Inc.
 Time Management
 Inc.
 BioNIR
 Inc. and Agricultural Solutions
 Inc.

Education experience - Mr. Oehler is a graduate of the University of Minnesota College of Liberal
Arts.


was appointed as a director of the Company to fill a newly-created directorship seat on August 31
 2012. Mr. Lahti is a Minneapolis
native and leader in numerous Minnesota business and community organizations. As principal of JL Holdings since 1989
 Mr. Lahti
has provided funding and management leadership to several early-stage or distressed companies. From 1993 to 2002
 he held the positions
of chief operating officer
 president
 chief executive officer and chairman at Shuffle Master
 Inc.
 a company that provides innovative
products to the gaming industry. Mr. Lahti currently serves as Chairman of the Board of PokerTek
 Inc.
 a publicly traded company
and he is also an independent director of AFAM/Innealta. Within the past five years Mr. Lahti served on the board of directors
of Zomax Inc. and Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 and more than five years ago Mr. Lahti served as the chairman of the board of directors
of Shuffle Master
 Inc. Through his public company Board experience
 he has participated on
 and chaired
 both Audit and Compensation
Committees.



Leadership experience &ndash; Mr. Lahti
is a principal of JL Holdings (1980 to present). Mr. Lahti currently serves as Chairman of the Board of PokerTek
 Inc.
 a publicly
traded company. He served as chief executive officer and chairman of Shuffle Master
 Inc.
 a publicly traded company (1997-2002).


Industry experience - Mr. Lahti has participated as an independent director in several public companies
in a variety of other industries
 including serving as an independent director of Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and serving as the
compensation committee chair for Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and Poker Tek
 Inc. and compensation committee member of Zomax Inc.
and several private companies.




to make any specific amount or percentage of his business time available to us. Each of our officers intends to devote such amount
of his or her time to our affairs as is required or deemed appropriate.











    
    







have a standing nominating committee
 but rather the Board of Directors as a whole considers director nominees. The Board of Directors
has determined this is appropriate given the size of the Board of Directors and the Company&rsquo;s current size. The Board will
consider candidates suggested by its members
 other directors
 senior management and stockholders in anticipation of upcoming elections
and actual or expected board vacancies. The Board of Directors has not adopted a formal diversity policy or established specific
minimum criteria or qualifications because from time to time the needs of the Board and the Company may change. All candidates
including those recommended by stockholders
 are evaluated on the same basis in light of the entirety of their credentials and
the needs of the Board of Directors and the Company. Of particular importance is the candidate&rsquo;s wisdom
 integrity
 ability
to make independent analytical inquiries
 understanding of the business environment in which the Company operates
 as well as his
or her potential contribution to the diversity of the Board of Directors and his or her willingness to devote adequate time to
fulfill his or her duties as a director. The Board of Directors will consider director candidates recommended by the Company&rsquo;s
stockholders. Stockholders may recommend director candidates by contacting the Chairman of the Board as provided under the heading
&ldquo;Communications with the Board of Directors.&rdquo; The Company did not employ a search firm or pay fees to other third parties
in connection with seeking or evaluating board nominee candidates.




December 31
 2012
 the Board of Directors held four meetings
 the Audit Committee held five meetings
 and the Compensation Committee
held two meetings. Each of our elected Directors attended at least 75% of all meetings of the Board of Directors and the committees
on which he served during the year.




hold an annual meeting of stockholders in 2012. If the Company holds an annual meeting of stockholders in the future
 the Board
of Directors will encourage Directors to attend such annual meeting.




has no formal policy with respect to separation of the positions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer or with respect to whether
the Chairman should be a member of management or an independent director
 and believes that these are matters that should be discussed
and determined by the Board from time to time based on the position and direction of the Company and the membership of the Board.
The Board has determined that having Bradley Berman
 although not considered independent due to his former role as Chief Executive
Officer
 serve as Chairman is in the best interest of the Company&rsquo;s stockholders at this time due to his extensive knowledge
of the Company. Further
 the separation of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer positions allows the Chief Executive Officer
to focus on the management of the Company&rsquo;s day-to-day operations.




believes that risk management is an important component of the Company&rsquo;s corporate strategy. The Board
 as a whole
 oversees
our risk management process
 and discusses and reviews with management major policies with respect to risk assessment and risk
management. The Board is regularly informed through its interactions with management and committee reports about risks we currently
face
 as well as the most likely areas of future risk
 in the course of our business including economic
 financial
 operational
legal and regulatory risks.



    
    





interested persons seeking to communicate directly with the Board of Directors
 the independent directors as a group or any of
the Audit or Compensation Committees of the Board of Directors
 should submit their written comments c/o Corporate Secretary at
our principal executive offices at 10275 Wayzata Boulevard
 Suite 310
 Minnetonka MN 55305 and should indicate in the address whether
the communication is intended for the Chairman of the Board
 the Independent Directors or a Committee Chair. The Chairman of the
Board will review any such communication at the next regularly scheduled Board of Directors meeting unless
 in his or her judgment
earlier communication to the Board of Directors is warranted.


the Board of Directors
 we reserve the right to screen all materials sent to its directors for potential security risks
 harassment
purposes or routine solicitations.




has adopted a Code of Ethics which applies to our directors
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and other Company
employees who perform similar functions.




Exchange Act requires the Company&rsquo;s directors
 executive officers and persons who own more than 10% of a registered class
of the Company&rsquo;s securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common
stock and other equity securities of the Company. Directors
 executive officers and greater than 10% stockholders are required
by SEC regulation to furnish the Company with copies of all Section&nbsp;16(a) reports they file. To our knowledge
 based solely
on the review of the copies of these forms furnished to us and representations that no other reports were required
 the Company
believes the following forms required to be filed under Section 16 of the Exchange Act for the year ended December 31
 2012 have
not been filed timely:



    
    
One Form 4 for Mr. Benjamin Oehler filed on December 10
 2012.

    
    
One Form 4 for Mr. Joseph Lahti filed on September 18
 2012.





    
    







as a &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act and Item 10 of Regulation
S-K. Accordingly
 and in accordance with relevant SEC rules and guidance
 we have elected
 with respect to the disclosures required
by Item 402 (Executive Compensation) of Regulation S-K
 to comply with the disclosure requirements applicable to smaller reporting
companies. The following Compensation Overview is not comparable to the Compensation Discussion and Analysis&rdquo; that is required
of SEC reporting companies that are not smaller reporting companies.


Overview describes the material elements of compensation for our executive officers identified in the Summary Compensation Table
(&ldquo;Named Executive Officers&rdquo;)
 and executive officers that we may hire in the future. As more fully described below
our board&rsquo;s compensation committee reviews and recommends policies
 practices
 and procedures relating to the total direct
compensation of our executive officers
 including the Named Executive Officers
 and the establishment and administration of certain
of our employee benefit plans to our board of directors.




is based on the premise of attracting
 retaining
 and motivating exceptional leaders
 setting high goals
 working toward the common
objectives of meeting the expectations of customers and stockholders
 and rewarding outstanding performance. Following this philosophy
we consider all relevant factors in determining executive compensation
 including the competition for talent
 our desire to link
pay with performance
 the use of equity to align executive interests with those of our stockholders
 individual contributions
teamwork
 and each executive&rsquo;s total compensation package. We strive to accomplish these objectives by compensating all executives
with compensation packages consisting of a combination of competitive base salary and incentive compensation.


by our Named Executive Officers is based primarily on the levels at which we can afford to retain them and their responsibilities
and individual contributions. Our compensation policy also reflects our strategy of minimizing general and administration expenses
and utilizing independent professional consultants. Our compensation committee and board of directors apply the compensation philosophy
and policies described below to determine the compensation of Named Executive Officers.


of the compensation and benefits we consider is to attract
 retain
 and motivate highly talented individuals who will engage in
the behavior necessary to enable us to succeed in our mission
 while upholding our values in a highly competitive marketplace.
Different elements are designed to engender different behaviors
 and the actual incentive amounts which may be awarded to each
Named Executive Officer are subject to the annual review of our compensation committee who will make recommendations regarding
compensation to our board of directors. The following is a brief description of the key elements of our planned executive compensation
structure.




Incentive compensation awards are designed to focus employees on the business objectives for a
particular year.

Equity incentive awards
 such as stock options and non-vested stock
 focus executives&rsquo; efforts
on the behaviors within the recipients&rsquo; control that they believe are designed to ensure our long-term success as reflected
in increases to our stock prices over a period of several years
 growth in our profitability and other elements.

Severance and change in control plans are designed to facilitate a company&rsquo;s ability to attract
and retain executives as we compete for talented employees in a marketplace where such protections are commonly offered.



    
    





benchmarking but may do so in the future. When making compensation decisions
 our compensation committee and board of directors
may compare each element of compensation paid to our Named Executive Officers against a report showing comparable compensation
metrics from a group that includes both publicly-traded and privately-held companies. Our board believes that while such peer group
benchmarks are a point of reference for measurement
 they are not necessarily a determining factor in setting executive compensation.
Each executive officer&rsquo;s compensation relative to the benchmark varies based on the scope of responsibility and time in the
position. We have not yet formally established our peer group for this purpose.






salaries are based on job responsibilities and individual contribution. Our compensation committee and board of directors review
the base salaries of our executive officers
 including our Named Executive Officers
 considering factors such as corporate progress
toward achieving objectives (without reference to any specific performance-related targets) and individual performance experience
and expertise. None of our Named Executive Officers have employment agreements with us. Additional factors reviewed by our compensation
committee and board of directors in determining appropriate base salary levels and raises include subjective factors related to
corporate and individual performance. For the year ended December 31
 2012
 all executive officer base salary decisions were approved
by the board of directors.


determines and then recommends to the whole board base salaries for the Named Executive Officers at the beginning of each fiscal
year. The compensation committee proposes new base salary amounts
 if appropriate
 based on its evaluation of individual performance
and expected future contributions. The board of directors then approves base salary amounts for the fiscal year. We do not have
a 401(k) Plan
 but if we adopt one in the future
 base salary would be the only element of compensation that would be used in determining
the amount of contributions permitted under the 401(k) Plan.




has not yet recommended a formal compensation policy for the determination of bonuses
 however
 on January 24
 2013
 our board
of directors granted to our Named Executive Officers bonuses consisting of a total of 515
000 common stock options to purchase
common stock at $0.56 per share
 exercisable over 10 years
 vesting in five equal annual installments beginning one year from the
date of grant and cash bonuses totaling $15
000. Further
 on September 25
 2012
 our board of directors authorized the repricing
of 1
500
000 common stock options previously granted to Named Executive Officers by cancelling the pre-existing options and granting
new options at an exercise price of $0.27 per share
 exercisable over 10 years
 vesting in five equal annual installments beginning
one year from the date of grant.


and bonuses become affordable and justifiable
 we expect to use the following parameters in justifying and quantifying bonuses
for our Named Executive Officers and other officers of the Company: (1) the growth in our revenue
 (2) the growth in our earnings
before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization
 as adjusted (&ldquo;EBITDA&rdquo;)
 and (3) our stock price. The board has
not adopted specific performance goals and target bonus amounts
 but may do so in the future.




2010
 as amended on February 22
 2011 and March 2
 2012
 our board of directors adopted the Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Incentive
Plan under which a total of 7
500
000 shares of our common stock have been reserved for issuance as restricted stock or pursuant
to the grant and exercise of stock options. Our Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Incentive Plan has been approved by the holders
of a majority of our outstanding shares. We believe equity incentive awards motivate our employees to work to improve our business
and stock price performance
 thereby further linking the interests of our senior management and our stockholders. The board considers
several factors in determining whether awards are granted to an executive officer
 including those previously described
 as well
as the executive&rsquo;s position
 his or her performance and responsibilities
 and the amount of options or other awards
 if any
currently held by the officer and their vesting schedule. Our policy prohibits backdating options or granting them retroactively.



    
    





business we have limited benefits and no prerequisites for our employees other than health insurance and vacation benefits that
are generally comparable to those offered by other small private and public companies or as may be required by applicable state
employment laws. We do not have a 401(k) Plan or any other retirement plan for our Named Executive Officers. We may adopt these
plans and confer other fringe benefits for our executive officers in the future.




employment agreements with our Named Executive Officers or any other executive officer or employee of The Company. As of the date
of this filing
 none of them are eligible for specific benefits or payments if their employment or engagement terminates in a separation
or if there is a change of control. We may consider entering into such agreements in the future.




sets forth the total compensation paid in all forms to our named executive officers of the Company during the periods indicated:




    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Kenneth T. DeCubellis

    
$200
000
    
$31
294
    
    
    
$231
294

    
    
$29
167
    
$745
587
    
    
    
$774
754

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Joshua Wert

    
$106
562
    
    
    
    
    
$106
562

    
    
$150
833
    
$97
781
    
    
    
$248
614

    
    
$7
661
    
$407
870
    
    
    
$415
531

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

James Moe

    
$145
000
$15
000
$27
595
    
    
    
$187
595

    
    
$109
449
    
$830
109
    
    
    
$939
558






Joshua Wert was our interim chief financial officer from November 15
 2010 to March 14
 2011
 and
resigned as our chief operating officer on September 7
 2012.


On September 25
 2012
 Mr. Kenneth T. DeCubellis agreed to the cancellation of 1
000
000 stock
options previously granted on October 26
 2011 in exchange for new stock option agreements. Under the new agreements the original
number of stock options remains the same
 but will have a new exercise price of $0.27 per share. These options will vest in five
equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant on September 25
 2013
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries
thereof until fully vested. The additional estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model was $31
294 greater than the estimated
value immediately preceding the modifications
 and is being amortized in addition to the remaining unamortized value of the original
option grants.


On September 25
 2012
 Mr. James Moe agreed to the cancellation of 500
000 stock options previously
granted on February 22
 2011 in exchange for new stock option agreements. Under the new agreements the original number of stock
options remains the same
 but will have a new exercise price of $0.27 per share. These options will vest in five equal annual installments
commencing one year from the date of grant on September 25
 2013
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries thereof until fully
vested. The additional estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model was $27
595 greater than the estimated value immediately
preceding the modifications
 and is being amortized in addition to the remaining unamortized value of the original option grants.


See Notes 3 and 11 of our audited financial statements included herein for additional information
on assumptions made in the valuation of option awards.



    
    





into any employment agreements with our executive officers to date. We may enter into employment agreements with them in the future.




sets forth information with respect to unexercised stock options
 stock that has not vested
 and equity incentive plan awards held
by our executive officers at December 31
 2012.

Outstanding Option Awards at Fiscal
Year-End


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Kenneth T. DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer
    
    
    
1
000
000
    
    
    
September 24
 2022

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Joshua Wert
 Chief Operating Officer
    
166
667
    
    
    
    
    
September 7
 2013

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

James Moe
 Chief Financial Officer
    
    
    
500
000
    
    
    
September 24
 2022

    
    
40
000
    
160
000
    
    
    
November 1
 2021






Joshua Wert was our interim chief financial officer from November 15
 2010 to March 14
 2011
 and
resigned as our chief operating officer on September 7
 2012.

Options vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from the date of grant on September
25
 2013
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries thereof until fully vested.

Remaining unvested options vest in four equal annual installments
 beginning November 2
 2013
and continuing on the next three anniversaries thereof until fully vested.




officers exercised any stock options or acquired stock through vesting of an equity award during the year ended December 31
 2012.



    
    





summarizes the compensation paid or accrued by us to our directors for the year ended December 31
 2012.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Bradley Berman
 Chairman
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
$44
681
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
$44
681

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
$70
747
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
$70
747

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






Effective December 4
 2012
 we granted to Mr. Oehler options to purchase up to 100
000 shares of
our common stock at an exercise price of $0.53 per share
 exercisable until December 3
 2022
 vesting in five equal annual installments
beginning on the one year anniversary of the grant date. The value of these option awards was calculated utilizing the Black-Scholes
Pricing Model.


Effective August 31
 2012
 we granted to Mr. Lahti options to purchase up to 100
000 shares of
our common stock at an exercise price of $0.31 per share
 exercisable until August 30
 2022
 vesting in five equal annual installments
beginning on the one year anniversary of the grant date. And
 effective December 4
 2012
 we granted to Mr. Lahti options to purchase
up to 100
000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.53 per share
 exercisable until December 3
 2022
 vesting in
five equal annual installments beginning on the one year anniversary of the grant date. The value of these option awards was calculated
utilizing the Black-Scholes Pricing Model.


Mr. Goldfarb resigned effective October 17
 2012. The board granted an accelerated vesting term
for the first 20
000 options that were set to vest on November 2
 2012
 and the remaining 80
000 unvested options were cancelled.
No additional compensation expense resulted from the acceleration of the vesting term.


has not yet recommended policy for board compensation
 however option awards have been granted to independent directors upon joining
the board and on an annual basis. The Company has not paid cash fees to directors and has no formal compensation arrangements with
its directors. No form of compensation has been paid or granted to Mr. Berman
 the Chairman of the Board of Directors
 since his
resignation as an officer of the Company on November 9
 2011. While there is no set policy regarding board compensation
 this may
be subject to change by the directors.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS


sets forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 15
 2013 by: (i) each person who
is known by us to own beneficially more than 5% of our common stock; (ii) each director; (iii) each named executive officer; and
(iv) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. On March 15
 2013
 we had 47
979
990 shares of common stock outstanding.



    
    



purchased shares in our private offering which closed on December 16
 2010 with respect to 6
684
000 shares of our common stock
excluding shares purchased by our officers and directors
 have entered into a voting agreement that gives our board of directors
by majority vote
 the power to vote certain shares of common stock. The terms of the voting agreement provides that each agreement
is effective for one year from the date entered into and will automatically renew for subsequent one year periods unless the stockholder
gives notice of termination to us at least 30 days prior to the expiration of each annual period. In addition
 the voting agreements
expire:




With respect to any shares for which a registration statement is declared
effective.


below and elsewhere in this form
 the term &ldquo;beneficial ownership&rdquo; with respect to a security consists of sole or shared
voting power
 including the power to vote or direct the vote and/or sole or shared investment power
 including the power to dispose
or direct the disposition
 with respect to the security through any contract
 arrangement
 understanding
 relationship
 or otherwise
including a right to acquire such power(s) during the next 60 days following March 15
 2013. Inclusion of shares in the table does
not
 however
 constitute an admission that the named stockholder is a direct or indirect beneficial owner of those shares. Unless
otherwise indicated
 (i) each person or entity named in the table has sole voting power and investment power (or shares that power
with that person&rsquo;s spouse) with respect to all shares of capital stock listed as owned by that person or entity
 and (ii)
the address of each person or entity named in the table is c/o Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 10275 Wayzata Boulevard
 Suite
310
 Minnetonka
 Minnesota 55305.



Name
 Title and Address of Beneficial Owner
    
    
    
    

Bradley Berman
 Chairman of Board and Director
    
6
824
065
    
    

Ken DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer
    
86
000
    
    

Joshua Wert
 former Chief Operating Officer and Corporate Secretary
    
166
667
    
    

James Moe
 Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary
    
40
000
    
    

Joseph Lahti
 Director
    
    
    
    

Benjamin Oehler
 Director
    
86
667
    
    

    
    
7
203
399
    
    

    
    
2
468
801
    
    

    
    
3
886
335
    
    



 LLC

 Bismarck
        
    
4
514
595
    
    



 Inc.

 Bismarck
        
    
4
514
594
    
    


        

 Suite C6

 NV 89119
    
3
250
000
    
    







Except as pursuant to applicable community property laws
 the persons named in the table have sole
voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned. The total number of issued and outstanding
shares and the total number of shares owned by each person does not include unexercised warrants and stock options owned by parties
other than for whom the calculation is presented
 and is calculated as of March 15
 2013.

Includes 733
333 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options that are exercisable within
60 days of March 15
 2013. Includes 712
229 shares held by certain trusts for the children of Mr. Bradley Berman. Includes 185
898
shares owned by Mr. Bradley Berman&rsquo;s wife.

Includes 5
000 shares owned by Mr. Ken DeCubellis&rsquo; wife.

Includes 166
667 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options that are exercisable within
60 days of March 15
 2013.

Includes 40
000 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options that are exercisable within
60 days of March 15
 2013.

Includes 86
667 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options that are exercisable within
60 days of March 15
 2013.

Does not include a total of 6
684
000 additional shares over which our board of directors has voting
but not dispositive power as a result of voting agreements between us and certain other shareholders.

Includes 24
000 shares which may be purchased pursuant to stock options that are exercisable within
60 days of March 15
 2013. Does not include 3
717
313 shares held by trusts for the children of Mr. Lyle Berman
 the trustee for
which is Mr. Neil Sell.

Includes 169
022 shares owned by Mr. Sell
 individually
 and an aggregate of 3
717
313 shares owned
by certain trusts for the benefit of Mr. Lyle Berman&rsquo;s children
 for which Mr. Sell is the trustee. Does not include 19
000
shares held by Mr. Sell&rsquo;s spouse
 for which Mr. Sell disclaims beneficial ownership.

These companies sold oil and gas properties to us in various transactions and
 as part of the purchase
price for these properties or down payments related to transactions
 were issued these shares of common stock by us. We may purchase
additional oil and gas properties from these companies in the future
 for which we may issue additional shares of our common stock.

Based on Schedule 13G filed February 14
 2013.



    
    


ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE



Transactions with Twin City Technical and Irish Oil and Gas
Inc.


majority of our mineral leases from Twin City Technical
 LLC
 a North Dakota limited liability company
 and Irish Oil and Gas
Inc.
 a Nevada corporation. As part of these acquisitions
 we have issued shares of our common stock to Twin City Technical and
Irish Oil and Gas. As set forth above under 
each of Twin City Technical and Irish Oil and Gas own over 8.9% of our common stock as of March 15
 2013. We recorded the total
value of property acquired from Twin City Technical and Irish Oil and Gas at $15
760
766.


 2012
we entered into another asset purchase agreement with Twin City Technical
 LLC
 a North Dakota limited liability company
 and Irish
Oil and Gas
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation
 dated March 21
 2012
 to acquire all of the Sellers&rsquo; right
 title and interest in
and to certain oil and gas mineral leases comprising approximately 8
655 net acres of undeveloped oil and gas properties primarily
located in McKenzie
 Mountrail
 Williams
 Burke
 Divide
 Dunn Counties
 and other associated positions in North Dakota
 in consideration
for a total of $24
235
036 of cash payable in full at the closing
 plus an aggregate of 577
025 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common
stock
 which shares of common stock will also be issued as a non-refundable deposit. The acquisition agreement was terminated in
June of 2012.




credit facility
 Morris Goldfarb
 one of the Company&rsquo;s former directors
 was participating as a lender acting through PrenAnte5
LLC as the lenders&rsquo; Agent. As a lender under the credit facility
 Mr. Goldfarb had a commitment amount of $1.5 million in
the facility. In consideration for his participation through the agent
 Mr. Goldfarb was issued 75
000 warrants (his pro-rata share
as a lender) with an exercise price of $0.95 per share with the same terms and conditions as the other warrants issued in connection
with the closing of the credit facility. Mr. Goldfarb abstained from the vote of the Company&rsquo;s board of directors for the
authorization of the credit facility. The Company received its first draw of $2
000
000 on February 24
 2012
 and subsequently
repaid the balance plus accrued interest of $51
722 on April 12
 2012 when it terminated the revolving credit facility.




currently lease office space on a month to month basis where the lessor is an entity owned by our former CEO and current Chairman
of the Board of Directors
 Bradley Berman. The sublease agreement was cancelled and we entered into a direct lease on April 30
2012 to expand and occupy approximately 1
142 square feet of office space. In accordance with this lease
 our lease term remains
on a month-to-month basis
 provided that either party provide 90 day notice to terminate the lease
 with base rents of $1
142 per
month
 plus common area operations and maintenance charges
 and monthly parking fees of $240 per month
 for the first year commencing
on May 1
 2012
 and increases of $24 per month for each of the subsequent four year periods. We have paid a total of $26
546 and
$13
208 to this entity during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.




the Company
 Steve Lipscomb
 received a commission of 5% of a royalty stream from Peerless Media Ltd.
 recorded on the balance
sheet as of December 31
 2011 as a contingent consideration receivable
 as a result of an incentive arrangement with Mr. Lipscomb
that was approved by Ante4&rsquo;s Board of Directors in February 2009. Mr. Lipscomb has received a total of $26
468 and $23
170
during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
 of which $19
071 in royalties were received by Mr. Lipscomb while
an officer of the Company in 2012. As a result of the settlement of litigation related to the same agreement
 Mr. Lipscomb was
due 5% of the settlement payments from the litigation settlement amounting to approximately $548
827 of which $432
593 was paid
in 2012 and the remaining $116
234 is due upon receipt by the Company of the final settlement payment from Peerless Media
 Ltd.


of $-0- and $10
562 to an entity owned by our former CEO and current Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 Bradley Berman for administrative
services provided during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.



    
    


Review and Approval of Transactions
with Related Persons


has adopted a related party transaction policy whereby any proposed transaction between the Company and any officer or director
any stockholder owning in excess of 5% of the Company&rsquo;s stock
 immediate family member of an officer or director
 or an entity
that is substantially owned or controlled by one of these individuals
 must be approved by a majority of the disinterested members
of the Audit Committee. The only exceptions to this policy are for transactions that are available to all employees of the Company
generally or involve less than $25
000. If the proposed transaction involves executive or director compensation
 it must be approved
by the Compensation Committee. Similarly
 if a significant opportunity is presented to any of the Company&rsquo;s officers or directors
such officer or director must first present the opportunity to the Board for consideration.


the Audit Committee
 the Audit Committee meets with The Company's management to discuss any proposed related party transactions.
A majority of disinterested members of the Audit Committee must approve a transaction for the Company to enter into it. If approved
management will update the Audit Committee with any material changes to the approved transaction at its regularly scheduled meetings.




trades on the OTC Bulletin Board. As such
 we are not currently subject to corporate governance standards of listed companies
which require
 among other things
 that the majority of the board of directors be independent. We are not currently subject to
corporate governance standards defining the independence of our directors
 and we have chosen to define an &ldquo;independent&rdquo;
director in accordance with the NASDAQ Global Market&rsquo;s requirements for independent directors. Our Board of Directors has
determined that each of Messrs. Oehler and Lahti is &ldquo;independent&rdquo; in accordance with the NASDAQ Global Market&rsquo;s
requirements and
 thus
 that a majority of the current Board of Directors is independent.


will review at least annually the independence of each director. During these reviews
 our Board of Directors will consider transactions
and relationships between each director (and his or her immediate family and affiliates) and us and our management to determine
whether any such transactions or relationships are inconsistent with a determination that the director was independent. The Board
of Directors will conduct its annual review of director independence and to determine if any transactions or relationships exist
that would disqualify any of the individuals who then served as a director under the rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market
 or require
disclosure under SEC rules.




 PLLC
(&ldquo;M&amp;K&rdquo;) was the Company&rsquo;s independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended December 31
2012 and 2011 and has served the Company as its independent registered public accounting firm since our inception.




presents fees for professional services rendered by M&amp;K for the audit of the Company&rsquo;s annual financial statements for
the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.



    



    
    
    

    
53
000
60
400

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
53
000
60
400










    
    


Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and
Permissible Non-Audit Services of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


is responsible for appointing
 setting compensation for
 and overseeing the work of the Company&rsquo;s independent registered
public accounting firm. The Audit Committee has established a policy regarding pre-approval of all audit and permissible non-audit
services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm
 and all such services were approved by the Audit Committee
in the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.


assesses requests for services by the independent registered public accounting firm using several factors. The Audit Committee
will consider whether such services are consistent with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board&rsquo;s and SEC&rsquo;s rules
on auditor independence. In addition
 the Audit Committee will determine whether the independent registered public accounting firm
is best positioned to provide the most effective and efficient service based upon the members&rsquo; familiarity with the Company&rsquo;s
business
 people
 culture
 accounting systems
 risk profile and whether the service might enhance the Company&rsquo;s ability to
manage or control risk or improve audit quality.




of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in its general oversight of the Company&rsquo;s financial reporting
process. The Audit Committee&rsquo;s function is more fully described in its charter
 which can be found on the Company&rsquo;s
website at www.blackridgeoil.com. The Committee reviews the charter on an annual basis. The Board of Directors has determined that
each member of the Committee is independent in accordance with the NASDAQ Global Market&rsquo;s requirements for independent directors.
The Board of Directors has also determined that Benjamin Oehler qualifies as an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert&rdquo;
within the meaning of Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. Management has the primary responsibility for the financial statements
and reporting process. The independent registered public accounting firm is responsible for auditing those financial statements
and expressing an opinion on the fairness of the audited financial statements based on the audit conducted in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board.


responsibilities set forth in its charter
 the Audit Committee has:



Reviewed and discussed the audited financial
statements for the year ended December 31
 2012 with management and the independent registered public accounting firm
 the Company&rsquo;s
independent auditors;


Discussed with the independent registered
public accounting firm the matters required to be discussed by SAS 61
 as amended (AICPA
 Professional Standards
 Vol. 1
 AU Section
380)
 as adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board in Rule 3200T; and


Received the written disclosures and the
letter from the independent registered public accounting firm required by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board regarding the independent registered public accounting firm&rsquo;s communications with the audit committee concerning
independence
 and has discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm its independence.


also considered
 as it determined appropriate
 tax matters and other areas of financial reporting and the audit process over which
the Audit Committee has oversight.


review and discussions described above
 the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the audited financial statements
be included in the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2012 for filing with the SEC.



    
    

    
    

    
Benjamin Oehler
 

    
    




    
    




ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL
STATEMENT SCHEDULES 





    
    

    
Distribution Agreement by and between Ante4
 Inc. (now Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.) and Ante5
 Inc. (now Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.)
 dated April 16
 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commissioner by Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on April 19
 2010)

    
    

    
Certificate of Ownership and Merger (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on April 3
 2012)

    
    

    
Plan and Agreement of Merger by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 dated December 10
 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on December 12
 2012)

    
    

    
Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on December 12
 2012)

    
    

    
Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on December 12
 2012) 

    
    

    
Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. 2012 Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Schedule 14C filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on March 26
 2012)

    
    

    
Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas Amendment of 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on September 27
 2012)

    
    

    
Form of Stock Incentive Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on September 27
 2012)

    
    

    
Form of Voting Agreement used in connection with our private placement which closed on December 16
 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 9.1 of the Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ante5
 Inc. on August 22
 2011)

    
    

    
Subscription Agreement dated April 13
 2010
 by and between Ante4
 Inc. and Ante5
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 10-12G Registration Statement filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 23
 2010)

    
    

    
Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between Ante4
 Inc. (now Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.)
&nbsp;&nbsp;Plains Energy Acquisition Corp. and Plains Energy Investments
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commissioner by Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on April 19
 2010)

    
    

    
Asset Purchase Agreement dated August 24
 2009 by and among Peerless Media
 Ltd. and WPT Enterprises
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on August 24
 2009)




    
    




    
Guaranty Agreement dated August 24
 2009 made by ElectraWorks Ltd. In favor of WPT Enterprises
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Voyager Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on August 24
 2009)

    
    

    
Asset Purchase Agreement
 dated October 7
 2010
 made by Ante5
 Inc.
 Twin City Technical
 LLC and Irish Oil and Gas
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ante5
 Inc. on October 13
 2010)

    
    

    
Amended and Restated Asset Purchase Agreement
 dated March 2
 2011
 made by Ante5
 Inc.
 Twin City Technical
 LLC and Irish Oil and Gas
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ante5
 Inc. on March 4
 2011)

    
    

    
Addendum
 dated March 15
 2011
 to the Amended and Restated Asset Purchase Agreement
 dated March 2
 2011
 made by Ante5
 Inc.
 Twin City Technical
 LLC and Irish Oil and Gas
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ante5
 Inc. on March 22
 2011)

    
    

    
Asset Purchase Agreement
 dated April 27
 2011
 made by Ante5
 Inc.
 Twin City Technical
 LLC and Irish Oil and Gas
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ante5
 Inc. on May 4
 2011)

    
    

    
Amended and Restated Secured Revolving Credit Agreement
 dated September 5
 2012
 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. and Dougherty Funding LLC
 as lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on September 6
 2012)

    
    

    
Form of Warrant issued in connection with the credit facility (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on September 6
 2012)

    
    

    
First Amendment to Amended and Restated Secured Revolving Credit Agreement
 dated December 14
 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. on December 20
 2012)

    
    

    
Securities Purchase Agreement
 dated July 26
 2011
 by and among Ante5
 Inc. and the several Purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ante5
 Inc. on July 26
 2011)

    
    

    
Registration Rights Agreement
 dated July 26
 2011
 by and among Ante5
 Inc. and the persons named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ante5
 Inc. on July 26
 2011)

    
    

    
Form of Investors&rsquo; Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ante5
 Inc. on July 26
 2011)

    
    

    
Form of Agents&rsquo; Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ante5
 Inc. on July 26
 2011)

    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
Asset Purchase Agreement
 dated August 9
 2011
 made by Ante5
 Inc.
 Twin City Technical
 LLC and Irish Oil and Gas
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Ante5
 Inc. on August 11
 2011)




    
    




    
    

    
    
    

    
Consent of Netherland
 Sewell &amp; Associates
 Inc.

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Report of Netherland
 Sewell &amp; Associates
 Inc.

    
    

    
    









    
    






of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



Dated: March 28
 2013
BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp; GAS
 INC.

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Kenneth DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)





 Inc.
 whose signature
appears below hereby constitutes and appoints each of James Moe or Ken DeCubellis
 such person&rsquo;s true and lawful attorney-in-fact
and agent with full power of substitution and resubstitution for such person and in such name
 place and stead
 in any and all
capacities
 to sign the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2012 (the &ldquo;Annual Report&rdquo;) of Black Ridge Oil &amp;
Gas
 Inc. and any or all amendments to such Annual Report
 and to file the same
 with all exhibits thereto and other documents
in connection therewith
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power
and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises
 as fully
to all intents and purposes as such person might or could do in person
 hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact
and agent
 or his substitute or substitutes
 may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.


of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 and Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed
by the following persons in the capacities indicated on the dates indicated.



    
Dated: March 28
 2013

Kenneth DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer 
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Dated: March 28
 2013

James Moe
 Chief Financial Officer 
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Dated: March 28
 2013

Bradley Berman
 Director
    

    
    

    
    

    
Dated: March 28
 2013

Joseph Lahti
 Director
    

    
    

    
    

    
Dated: March 28
 2013

Benjamin Oehler
 Director
    


















     




BLACK RIDGE OIL &amp;
GAS
 INC.




Agreement (&ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) is made as of January ___
 2013 by and between Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation
(the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 and [&#9;]
 an individual (&ldquo;Indemnitee&rdquo;).




Indemnitee recognize the significant cost of directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo; liability insurance and the general limitations
in the coverage of such insurance.


Indemnitee further recognize the risk of corporate litigation in general
 potentially subjecting officers and directors to litigation
at the same time as the coverage of liability insurance is limited.


to attract and retain the services of highly qualified individuals
 such as Indemnitee
 to serve as officers and directors of the
Company and to indemnify its officers and directors so as to provide them with the maximum protection permitted by law.

NOW
 THEREFORE
in consideration for Indemnitee&rsquo;s services as an officer or director of the Company
 the Company and Indemnitee hereby agree
as follows:



Third Party
Proceedings
any threatened
 pending or completed action
 suit
 proceeding or any alternative dispute resolution mechanism
 whether civil
 criminal
administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Company) by reason of the fact that Indemnitee
is or was a director
 officer
 employee or agent of the Company
 or any subsidiary of the Company
 or by reason of the fact that
Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director
 officer
 employee or agent of another corporation
 partnership
joint venture
 trust or other enterprise
 against expenses (including attorneys&rsquo; fees)
 judgments
 fines and amounts paid
in settlement (if such settlement is approved in advance by the Company
 which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld) actually
and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with such action
 suit or proceeding if Indemnitee acted in good faith and
in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company
 and
 with respect to any
criminal action or proceeding
 had no reasonable cause to believe Indemnitee&rsquo;s conduct was unlawful. The termination of any
action
 suit or proceeding by judgment
 order
 settlement
 conviction
 or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent
 shall
not
 of itself
 create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner which Indemnitee reasonably believed
to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company
 and
 with respect to any criminal action or proceeding
 had reasonable
cause to believe that Indemnitee&rsquo;s conduct was unlawful.



    
    


Proceedings
By or in the Right of the Company
to be made a party to any threatened
 pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Company or any subsidiary of
the Company to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director
 officer
 employee or
agent of the Company
 or any subsidiary of the Company
 or by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was serving at the request
of the Company as a director
 officer
 employee or agent of another corporation
 partnership
 joint venture
 trust or other enterprise
against expenses (including attorneys&rsquo; fees) and
 to the fullest extent permitted by law
 amounts paid in settlement actually
and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if Indemnitee acted in
good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company
 except
that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim
 issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been adjudged
to be liable to the Company unless and only to the extent that any court in which such action or suit was brought or another court
of competent jurisdiction shall determine upon application that
 despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances
of the case
 Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses as such court shall deem proper.

Mandatory Payment
of Expenses
 suit or
proceeding referred to in Subsections (a) and (b) of this Section 1
 or in defense of any claim
 issue or matter therein
 Indemnitee
shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys&rsquo; fees) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection
therewith.

Advancement
. All reasonable Expenses (as hereinafter defined) incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee (including costs of
enforcement of this Agreement) shall be advanced from time to time by the Company to Indemnitee within thirty (30) days after the
receipt by the Company of a written request for an advance of Expenses
 whether prior to or after final disposition of a Proceeding
(as hereinafter defined) (except to the extent that there has been a final adverse determination that Indemnitee is not entitled
to be indemnified for such Expenses)
 including without limitation any Proceeding brought by or in the right of the Company. The
written request for an advancement of any and all Expenses under this paragraph shall contain reasonable detail of the Expenses
incurred by Indemnitee. By execution of this Agreement
 Indemnitee shall be deemed to have made whatever undertaking as may be
required by law at the time of any advancement of Expenses with respect to repayment to the Company of such Expenses. In the event
that the Company shall breach its obligation to advance Expenses under this Section 2
 the parties hereto agree that Indemnitee&rsquo;s
remedies available at law would not be adequate and that Indemnitee would be entitled to specific performance.

Presumptions
. Upon making a request for indemnification
 Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled
to indemnification under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in reaching
any contrary determination. The termination of any Proceeding by judgment
 order
 settlement
 arbitration award or conviction
or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent shall not affect this presumption or
 except as determined by a judgment or
other final adjudication adverse to Indemnitee
 establish a presumption with regard to any factual matter relevant to determining
Indemnitee&rsquo;s rights to indemnification hereunder. If the person or persons so empowered to make a determination pursuant
to Section 4 hereof shall have failed to make the requested determination within sixty (60) days after any judgment
 order
 settlement
dismissal
 arbitration award
 conviction
 acceptance of a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent
 or other disposition or partial
disposition of any Proceeding or any other event that could enable the Company to determine Indemnitee&rsquo;s entitlement to indemnification
the requisite determination that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification shall be deemed to have been made.



    
    


Procedure
for Determination of Entitlement to Indemnification

Notice/Cooperation
by Indemnitee
 as a condition precedent to his right to be indemnified under this Agreement
 give the Company
notice in writing as soon as practicable of any claim made against Indemnitee for which indemnification will or could be sought
under this Agreement. Notice to the Company shall be directed to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company at the address shown
on the signature page of this Agreement (or such other address as the Company shall designate in writing to Indemnitee). Notice
shall be deemed received as provided in Section 15 of this Agreement. In addition
 Indemnitee shall give the Company such information
documentation and cooperation as it may reasonably require and as shall reasonably be accessible to Indemnitee.

.
Any indemnification and advances provided for in Section 1 and Section 2 shall be made no later than thirty (30) days after receipt
of the written request of Indemnitee; provided
 in the case of any request for indemnification
 the Company has determined that
Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement. If a claim under this Agreement
 under any statute
 or under any
provision of the Company&rsquo;s Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws providing for indemnification
 is not paid in full by the
Company within thirty (30) days after a written request for payment thereof has first been received by the Company
 Indemnitee
may
 but need not
 at any time thereafter bring an action against the Company to recover the unpaid amount of the claim and
 subject
to Section 14 of this Agreement
 Indemnitee shall also be entitled to be paid for the expenses (including attorneys&rsquo; fees)
of bringing such action. It shall be a defense to any such action (other than an action brought to enforce a claim for expenses
incurred in connection with any action
 suit or proceeding in advance of its final disposition) that Indemnitee has not met the
standards of conduct which make it permissible under applicable law for the Company to indemnify Indemnitee for the amount claimed.
Nevertheless
 the Indemnitee shall be entitled to receive interim payments of expenses pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement
unless and until such defense may be finally adjudicated by court order or judgment from which no further right of appeal exists.
It is the parties&rsquo; intention that if the Company contests Indemnitee&rsquo;s right to indemnification
 the question of Indemnitee&rsquo;s
right to indemnification shall be for the court to decide
 and neither the failure of the Company (including its Board of Directors
any committee or subgroup of the Board of Directors
 independent legal counsel
 or its stockholders) to have made a determination
that indemnification of Indemnitee is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct
required by applicable law
 nor an actual determination by the Company (including its Board of Directors
 any committee or subgroup
of the Board of Directors
 independent legal counsel
 or its stockholders) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard
of conduct
 shall create a presumption that Indemnitee has or has not met the applicable standard of conduct.



    
    


.
If
 at the time of the receipt of a notice of a claim pursuant to Section 4(a) hereof
 the Company has director and officer liability
insurance in effect
 the Company shall give prompt notice of the commencement of such proceeding to the insurers in accordance
with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to
cause such insurers to pay
 on behalf of the Indemnitee
 all amounts payable as a result of such proceeding in accordance with
the terms of such policies.

.
In the event the Company shall be obligated under Section 2 hereof to pay the expenses of any proceeding against Indemnitee
 the
Company
 if appropriate
 shall be entitled to assume the defense of such proceeding
 with counsel approved by Indemnitee
 which
approval shall not be unreasonably withheld
 upon the delivery to Indemnitee of written notice of its election to do so. After
delivery of such notice
 approval of such counsel by Indemnitee and the retention of such counsel by the Company
 the Company will
not be liable to Indemnitee under this Agreement for any fees of counsel subsequently incurred by Indemnitee with respect to the
same proceeding
 provided that Indemnitee shall have the right to employ his counsel in any such proceeding at Indemnitee&rsquo;s
expense. Notwithstanding anything else herein to the contrary
 if Indemnitee reasonably concludes that there may be a conflict
of interest between the Company and Indemnitee in the conduct of any such defense
 and the Company approves Indemnitee&rsquo;s
counsel which approval will not be unreasonably withheld
 then the reasonable fees and expenses of Indemnitee&rsquo;s counsel shall
be at the expense of the Company.

Additional
Indemnification Rights; Nonexclusivity

Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement
 the Company hereby agrees to indemnify the Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by
law
 notwithstanding that such indemnification is not specifically authorized by the other provisions of this Agreement
 the Company&rsquo;s
Articles of Incorporation
 the Company&rsquo;s Bylaws or by statute. In the event of any change
 after the date of this Agreement
in any applicable law
 statute
 or rule which expands the right of a Nevada corporation to indemnify a member of its board of directors
or an officer
 such changes shall be
 ipso facto
 within the purview of Indemnitee&rsquo;s rights and Company&rsquo;s obligations
under this Agreement. In the event of any change in any applicable law
 statute or rule which narrows the right of a Nevada corporation
to indemnify a member of its board of directors or an officer
 such changes
 to the extent not otherwise required by such law
statute or rule to be applied to this Agreement shall have no effect on this Agreement or the parties&rsquo; rights and obligations
hereunder.

.
The indemnification provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive of any rights to which Indemnitee may be entitled
under the Company&rsquo;s Articles of Incorporation
 its Bylaws
 any agreement
 any vote of stockholders or disinterested Directors
the General Corporation Law of the State of Nevada
 or otherwise
 both as to action in Indemnitee&rsquo;s official capacity and
as to action in another capacity while holding such office. The indemnification provided under this Agreement shall continue as
to Indemnitee for any action taken or not taken while serving in an indemnified capacity even though he may have ceased to serve
in such capacity at the time of any action
 suit or other covered proceeding (the &ldquo;Indemnification Period&rdquo;). To the
extent that during the Indemnification Period the rights of the then existing directors and officers are more favorable to such
directors or officers than the rights currently provided to Indemnitee thereunder or under this Agreement
 Indemnitee shall be
entitled to the full benefits of such more favorable rights.



    
    


Partial
. If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company for
some or a portion of the expenses
 judgments
 fines or penalties actually and reasonably incurred by him in the investigation
defense
 appeal or settlement of any civil or criminal action
 suit or proceeding
 but not
 however
 for the total amount thereof
the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the portion of such expenses
 judgments
 fines or penalties to which Indemnitee
is entitled
 which shall be reasonably determined in good faith by the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors.

Mutual
. Both the Company and Indemnitee acknowledge that in certain instances
 Federal law or applicable public
policy may prohibit the Company from indemnifying its directors and officers under this Agreement or otherwise. Indemnitee understands
and acknowledges that the Company has undertaken or may be required in the future to undertake with the Securities and Exchange
Commission to submit the question of indemnification to a court in certain circumstances for a determination of the Company&rsquo;s
right under public policy to indemnify Indemnitee.

Officer
. The Company shall
 from time to time
 make the good faith determination whether or not
it is practicable for the Company to obtain and maintain policies of insurance with reputable insurance companies providing the
officers and directors of the Company with coverage for losses from wrongful acts
 or to ensure the Company&rsquo;s performance
of its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. Among other considerations
 the Company will weigh the costs of obtaining
such insurance coverage against the protection afforded by such coverage. In all policies of director and officer liability insurance
Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide Indemnitee the same rights and benefits as are accorded
to the most favorably insured of the Company&rsquo;s directors
 if Indemnitee is a director; or of the Company&rsquo;s officers
if Indemnitee is not a director of the Company but is an officer. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 the Company shall have no obligation
to obtain or maintain such insurance if the Company determines in good faith that (a) such insurance is not reasonably available
(b) the premium costs for such insurance are too expensive for the Company to afford or are disproportionate to the amount of coverage
provided
 (c) the coverage provided by such insurance is limited by exclusions so as to provide an insufficient benefit
 or (d)
the Indemnitee is covered by similar insurance maintained by a subsidiary or parent of the Company.

.
Nothing in this Agreement is intended to require or shall be construed as requiring the Company to do or fail to do any act in
violation of applicable law. The Company&rsquo;s inability
 pursuant to court order
 to perform its obligations under this Agreement
shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement. The provisions of this Agreement shall be severable as provided in this Section
9. If this Agreement or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction
 then the
Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee to the full extent permitted by any applicable portion of this Agreement that shall
not have been invalidated
 and the balance of this Agreement not so invalidated shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms.



    
    


.
Any other provision herein to the contrary notwithstanding
 the Company shall not be obligated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement:

Claims Initiated
by Indemnitee
by Indemnitee and not by way of defense
 except with respect to proceedings brought to establish or enforce a right to indemnification
under this Agreement or any other statute or law or otherwise as required under the Nevada General Corporation Law
 but such indemnification
or advancement of expenses may be provided by the Company in specific cases if the Board of Directors has approved the initiation
or bringing of such suit; or

.
To indemnify Indemnitee for any expenses incurred by the Indemnitee with respect to any proceeding instituted by Indemnitee to
enforce or interpret this Agreement
 if a court of competent jurisdiction determines that each of the material assertions made
by the Indemnitee in such proceeding was not made in good faith or was frivolous; or

.
To indemnify Indemnitee for expenses or liabilities of any type whatsoever (including
 but not limited to
 judgments
 fines
 ERISA
excise taxes or penalties
 and amounts paid in settlement) which have been paid directly to or on behalf of Indemnitee by an insurance
carrier under a policy of officers&rsquo; and directors&rsquo; liability insurance maintained by the Company; or

Claims Under Section
16(b)
securities in violation of Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 or any similar successor statute or

.
To indemnify Indemnitee on account of any proceeding with respect to (i) remuneration paid to Indemnitee if it is determined by
final judgment or other final adjudication that such remuneration was in violation of law
 (ii) which it is determined by final
judgment or other final adjudication that the Imdemnitee&rsquo;s conduct was knowingly fraudulent or dishonest or constituted willful
misconduct
 or (iii) which it is determined by final judgment or other final adjudication by a court having jurisdiction in the
matter that such indemnification is not lawful.

Construction
of Certain Phrases


Agreement
 references to the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; shall include
 in addition to the resulting corporation
 any constituent corporation
(including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which
 if its separate existence had continued
would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors
 officers
 and employees or agents
 so that if Indemnitee is or was
a director
 officer
 employee or agent of such constituent corporation
 or is or was serving at the request of such constituent
corporation as a director
 officer
 employee or agent of another corporation
 partnership
 joint venture
 trust or other enterprise
Indemnitee shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Agreement with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation
as Indemnitee would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued.



    
    



Agreement
 the term &ldquo;Expenses&rdquo; shall include all reasonable attorneys&rsquo; fees
 retainers
 court costs
 transcript
costs
 fees of experts
 witness fees
 travel expenses
 duplicating costs
 printing and binding costs
 telephone charges
 postage
delivery service fees and all other disbursements or expenses of the types customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting
defending
 preparing to prosecute or defend
 investigating
 participating
 or being or preparing to be a witness in a Proceeding.
Expenses also shall include Expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding
 including without limitation
the premium
 security for
 and other costs relating to any cost bond
 supersede as bond
 or other appeal bond or its equivalent.
Expenses
 however
 shall not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments or fines against Indemnitee.


Agreement
 the term &ldquo;Proceeding&rdquo; shall include any threatened
 pending or completed action
 suit
 arbitration
 alternate
dispute resolution mechanism
 investigation
 inquiry
 administrative hearing or any other actual
 threatened or completed proceeding
whether brought by or in the right of the Company or otherwise and whether civil
 criminal
 administrative or investigative
 in
which Indemnitee was
 is or will be involved as a party or otherwise
 by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was an officer
or director of the Company
 by reason of any action taken by him or of any inaction on his part while acting as an officer or director
of the Company
 or by reason of the fact that he is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director
 officer
 employee
agent or fiduciary of another corporation
 partnership
 joint venture
 trust or other enterprise; in each case whether or not he
is acting or serving in any such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification can be provided
under this Agreement
 including one pending on or before the date of this Agreement
 but excluding one initiated by Indemnitee
to enforce his rights under this Agreement.


Agreement
 references to &ldquo;other enterprise&rdquo; shall include employee benefit plans; references to &ldquo;fines&rdquo;
shall include any excise taxes assessed on Indemnitee with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to &ldquo;serving
at the request of the Company&rdquo; shall include any service as a director
 officer
 employee or agent of the Company which imposes
duties on
 or involves services by
 such director
 officer
 employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan
 its participants
or beneficiaries; and if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in the interest of
the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan
 Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in a manner &ldquo;not
opposed to the best interests of the Company&rdquo; as referred to in this Agreement.

.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts
 each of which shall constitute an original.



    
    


Successors
. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns
 and shall inure to the benefit
of Indemnitee and Indemnitee&rsquo;s estate
 heirs
 legal representatives and permitted assigns.

Attorneys&rsquo;
. In the event that any action is instituted by Indemnitee under this Agreement to enforce or interpret any of the
terms hereof
 Indemnitee shall be entitled to be paid all court costs and expenses
 including reasonable attorneys&rsquo; fees
incurred by Indemnitee with respect to such action
 unless as a part of such action
 the court of competent jurisdiction determines
that each of the material assertions made by Indemnitee as a basis for such action were not made in good faith or were frivolous.
In the event of an action instituted by or in the name of the Company under this Agreement or to enforce or interpret any of the
terms of this Agreement
 Indemnitee shall be entitled to be paid all court costs and expenses
 including attorneys&rsquo; fees
incurred by Indemnitee in defense of such action (including with respect to Indemnitee&rsquo;s counterclaims and cross-claims made
in such action)
 unless as a part of such action the court determines that each of Indemnitee&rsquo;s material defenses to such
action were made in bad faith or were frivolous.

.
All notices
 requests
 demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given
(i) if delivered by hand and receipted for by the party addressee
 or by email or by facsimile
 on the date of such receipt
 or
(ii) if mailed by domestic certified or registered mail with postage prepaid
 on the third business day after the date postmarked.
Addresses for notice to either party are as shown on the signature page of this Agreement
 or as subsequently modified by written
notice.

Choice
. This Agreement shall be governed by and its provisions construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada
without regard to the conflict of law principles thereof.

Period
. No legal action shall be brought and no cause of action shall be asserted by or in the right of the Company
against Indemnitee
 Indemnitee&rsquo;s estate
 spouse
 heirs
 executors or personal or legal representatives after the expiration
of one year from the date of accrual of such cause of action
 and any claim or cause of action of the Company shall be extinguished
and deemed released unless asserted by the timely filing of a legal action within such one-year period; provided
 however
 that
if any shorter period of limitations is otherwise applicable to any such cause of action
 such shorter period shall govern.

.
In the event of payment under this Agreement
 the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights
of recovery of Indemnitee
 who shall execute all documents required and shall do all acts that may be necessary to secure such
rights and to enable the Company effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights.

Amendment
. No amendment
 modification
 termination or cancellation of this Agreement shall be effective unless it
is in writing signed by both the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall
constitute a waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver.

Integration
. This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding between the parties hereto and supersedes and
merges all previous written and oral negotiations
 commitments
 understandings and agreements relating to the subject matter hereof
between the parties hereto.



    
    



 the parties hereto have
executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.





    
    

    
    


 Inc.

    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    

    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    

    


















 INC.



     





GAS
 INC.

 2012





        
        

        
        

    
    



    

































     









CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT
PETROLEUM ENGINEERS AND GEOLOGISTS


Annual Report on Form 10-K of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. for the year ended December 31
 2012
 of our report dated March 4
2013
 with respect to estimates of reserves and future net revenue of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.
 as of December 31
 2012
and to all references to our firm included in this Annual Report.



    

 SEWELL &amp; ASSOCIATES
 INC.

    
    

    
    

    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;/s/ C.H. (Scott)
    Rees III

    

 P.E.

    
    




 Texas

 2013



Please be advised that the digital document you are viewing is provided by Netherland
 Sewell &amp; Associates
 Inc. (NSAI) as a convenience to our clients.&nbsp;&nbsp;The digital document is intended to be substantively the same as the original signed document maintained by NSAI.&nbsp;&nbsp;The digital document is subject to the parameters
 limitations
 and conditions stated in the original document.&nbsp;&nbsp;In the event of any differences between the digital document and the original document
 the original document shall control and supersede the digital document.
















     







 Kenneth DeCubellis
 certify that:


I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.;


Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this
report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated
subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;


Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and


Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting.


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on Black Ridge Oil
&amp; Gas&rsquo;s most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (of persons performing the equivalent functions):


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize
and report financial information; and


Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the small business issuer&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.


 2013




 Chief Executive Officer


















     







 James Moe
 certify that:


I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc.;


Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this
report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated
subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;


Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and


Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting.


The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on Black Ridge Oil
&amp; Gas&rsquo;s most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (of persons performing the equivalent functions):


All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize
and report financial information; and


Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the small business issuer&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.


 2013




 Chief Financial Officer



















     


Exhibit
32.1


18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350


SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002


the Annual Report of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31
2012 (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Kenneth DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 USC Section
1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to the best of my knowledge and belief:


fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.



 2013






 Chief Executive
Officer




accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not
 except to the extent required by
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
as amended.


















     





18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350


SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002


the Annual Report of Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31
2012 (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;) I
 James Moe
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to the best of my knowledge and belief:


fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.



 2013






 Chief Financial Officer




accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not
 except to the extent required
by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934
 as amended.














 L.P.



     











 2013





 Inc.

 Suite 310

 Minnesota 55305




 we have
estimated the proved reserves and future revenue
 as of December 31
 2012
 to the Black Ridge Oil &amp; Gas
 Inc. (Black Ridge)
interest in certain oil and gas properties located in Montana and North Dakota. We completed our evaluation on or about the date
of this letter. It is our understanding that the proved reserves estimated in this report constitute all of the proved reserves
owned by Black Ridge. The estimates in this report have been prepared in accordance with the definitions and regulations of the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and
 with the exception of the exclusion of future income taxes
 conform to the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification Topic 932
 Extractive Activities&mdash;Oil and Gas. Definitions are presented immediately following
this letter. This report has been prepared for Black Ridge's use in filing with the SEC; in our opinion the assumptions
 data
methods
 and procedures used in the preparation of this report are appropriate for such purpose.


net revenue to the Black Ridge interest in these properties
 as of December 31
 2012
 to be:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    

352.2

    
    


    


    


    

586.6

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    


    


    

938.8



condensate
 and natural gas liquids (NGL). Oil volumes are expressed in thousands of barrels (MBBL); a barrel is equivalent to
42 United States gallons. Gas volumes are expressed in millions of cubic feet (MMCF) at standard temperature and pressure bases.


for proved developed producing and proved undeveloped reserves. Our study indicates that there are no proved developed non-producing
reserves for these properties at this time. No study was made to determine whether probable or possible reserves might be established
for these properties. This report does not include any value that could be attributed to interests in undeveloped acreage beyond
those tracts for which undeveloped reserves have been estimated. Reserves categorization conveys the relative degree of certainty;
reserves subcategorization is based on development and production status. The estimates of reserves and future revenue included
herein have not been adjusted for risk.


the gross (100 percent) revenue from the properties prior to any deductions. Future net revenue is after deductions for Black Ridge's
share of production taxes
 ad valorem taxes
 capital costs
 and operating expenses but before consideration of any income taxes.
The future net revenue has been discounted at an annual rate of 10 percent to determine its present worth
 which is shown to indicate
the effect of time on the value of money. Future net revenue presented in this report
 whether discounted or undiscounted
 should
not be construed as being the fair market value of the properties.






    
    






the 12-month unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month in the period January through December
2012. For oil volumes
 the average West Texas Intermediate spot price of $94.71 per barrel is adjusted by lease for quality
 transportation
fees
 and regional price differentials. For gas volumes
 the average Henry Hub spot price of $2.757 per MMBTU is adjusted by lease
for energy content
 transportation fees
 and regional price differentials. When applicable
 gas prices have been adjusted to include
the value for natural gas liquids. All prices are held constant throughout the lives of the properties. The average adjusted product
prices weighted by production over the remaining lives of the properties are $84.36 per barrel of oil and $6.689 per MCF of gas.


based on operating expense records of Black Ridge. These costs include the per-well overhead expenses allowed under joint operating
agreements along with estimates of costs to be incurred at and below the district and field levels. Since all properties are nonoperated
headquarters general and administrative overhead expenses of Black Ridge are not included. Operating costs are held constant throughout
the lives of the properties.


provided by Black Ridge and are based on authorizations for expenditure and actual costs from recent activity. Capital costs are
included as required for new development wells and production equipment. Based on our understanding of future development plans
a review of the records provided to us
 and our knowledge of similar properties
 we regard these estimated capital costs to be
reasonable. Capital costs are held constant to the date of expenditure. As requested
 our estimates do not include any salvage
value for the lease and well equipment or the cost of abandoning the properties.


 we did
not perform any field inspection of the properties
 nor did we examine the mechanical operation or condition of the wells and facilities.
We have not investigated possible environmental liability related to the properties; therefore
 our estimates do not include any
costs due to such possible liability.


gas volume and value imbalances resulting from overdelivery or underdelivery to the Black Ridge interest. Therefore
 our estimates
of reserves and future revenue do not include adjustments for the settlement of any such imbalances; our projections are based
on Black Ridge receiving its net revenue interest share of estimated future gross gas production.


only and should not be construed as exact quantities. Proved reserves are those quantities of oil and gas which
 by analysis of
engineering and geoscience data
 can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible; probable and possible
reserves are those additional reserves which are sequentially less certain to be recovered than proved reserves. Estimates of reserves
may increase or decrease as a result of market conditions
 future operations
 changes in regulations
 or actual reservoir performance.
In addition to the primary economic assumptions discussed herein
 our estimates are based on certain assumptions including
 but
not limited to
 that the properties will be developed consistent with current development plans
 that the properties will be operated
in a prudent manner
 that no governmental regulations or controls will be put in place that would impact the ability of the interest
owner to recover the reserves
 and that our projections of future production will prove consistent with actual performance. If
the reserves are recovered
 the revenues therefrom and the costs related thereto could be more or less than the estimated amounts.
Because of governmental policies and uncertainties of supply and demand
 the sales rates
 prices received for the reserves
 and
costs incurred in recovering such reserves may vary from assumptions made while preparing this report.


 we used
technical and economic data including
 but not limited to
 well logs
 geologic maps
 well test data
 production data
 historical
price and cost information
 and property ownership interests. The reserves in this report have been estimated using deterministic
methods; these estimates have been prepared in accordance with the Standards Pertaining to the Estimating and Auditing of Oil and
Gas Reserves Information promulgated by the Society of Petroleum Engineers (SPE Standards). We used standard engineering and geoscience
methods
 or a combination of methods
 including performance analysis
 volumetric analysis
 and analogy
 that we considered to be
appropriate and necessary to categorize and estimate reserves in accordance with SEC definitions and regulations. A substantial
portion of these reserves are for undeveloped locations; such reserves are based on estimates of reservoir volumes and recovery
efficiencies along with analogy to properties with similar geologic and reservoir characteristics. As in all aspects of oil and
gas evaluation
 there are uncertainties inherent in the interpretation of engineering and geoscience data; therefore
 our conclusions
necessarily represent only informed professional judgment.



    
    






from Black Ridge
 other interest owners
 various operators of the properties
 public data sources
 and the nonconfidential files
of Netherland
 Sewell &amp; Associates
 Inc. (NSAI) and were accepted as accurate. Supporting work data are on file in our office.
The titles to the properties have not been examined by NSAI
 nor has the actual degree or type of interest owned been independently
confirmed. The technical persons responsible for preparing the estimates presented herein meet the requirements regarding qualifications
independence
 objectivity
 and confidentiality set forth in the SPE Standards. We are independent petroleum engineers
 geologists
geophysicists
 and petrophysicists; we do not own an interest in these properties nor are we employed on a contingent basis.


Sincerely

                    
NETHERLAND
 SEWELL &amp; ASSOCIATES
INC.




    
    

    
    
    


    
    
C.H. (Scott) Rees
III
 P.E.

Executive Officer




    
    
    



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    
Dan Paul Smith
 P.E. 49093

President

    
    
John
G. Hattner
 P.G. 559

President



    
    
    
    
    



    

 2013









        you are viewing is provided by Netherland
 Sewell &amp; Associates
 Inc. (NSAI) as a convenience to our clients. The digital document
        is intended to be substantively the same as the original signed document maintained by NSAI. The digital document is subject to
        the parameters
 limitations
 and conditions stated in the original document. In the event of any differences between the digital
        document and the original document
 the original document shall control and supersede the digital document.




    
    





DEFINITIONS OF
OIL AND GAS RESERVES

S-X Section 210.4-10(a)



in U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Regulation S-X Section 210.4-10(a). Also included is supplemental information
from (1) the 2007 Petroleum Resources Management System approved by the Society of Petroleum Engineers
 (2) the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification Topic 932
 Extractive Activities&mdash;Oil and Gas
 and (3) the SEC's Compliance and Disclosure Interpretations.

Costs
incurred to purchase
 lease or otherwise acquire a property
 including costs of lease bonuses and options to purchase or lease
properties
 the portion of costs applicable to minerals when land including mineral rights is purchased in fee
 brokers' fees
recording fees
 legal costs
 and other costs incurred in acquiring properties.

. Analogous
reservoirs
 as used in resources assessments
 have similar rock and fluid properties
 reservoir conditions (depth
 temperature
and pressure) and drive mechanisms
 but are typically at a more advanced stage of development than the reservoir of interest and
thus may provide concepts to assist in the interpretation of more limited data and estimation of recovery. When used to support
proved reserves
 an &quot;analogous reservoir&quot; refers to a reservoir that shares the following characteristics with the reservoir
of interest:


Same geological formation (but not necessarily in pressure communication
with the reservoir of interest);







:
Reservoir properties must
 in the aggregate
 be no more favorable in the analog than in the reservoir of interest.

. Bitumen
 sometimes
referred to as natural bitumen
 is petroleum in a solid or semi-solid state in natural deposits with a viscosity greater than 10
000
centipoise measured at original temperature in the deposit and atmospheric pressure
 on a gas free basis. In its natural state
it usually contains sulfur
 metals
 and other non-hydrocarbons.

. Condensate is a
mixture of hydrocarbons that exists in the gaseous phase at original reservoir temperature and pressure
 but that
 when produced
is in the liquid phase at surface pressure and temperature.

. The
method of estimating reserves or resources is called deterministic when a single value for each parameter (from the geoscience
engineering
 or economic data) in the reserves calculation is used in the reserves estimation procedure.

.
Developed oil and gas reserves are reserves of any category that can be expected to be recovered:


Through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods or
in which the cost of the required equipment is relatively minor compared to the cost of a new well; and

Through installed extraction equipment and infrastructure operational at
the time of the reserves estimate if the extraction is by means not involving a well.





Supplemental definitions from the 2007
        Petroleum Resources Management System:
        
Developed Producing Reserves &ndash;
        Developed Producing Reserves are expected to be recovered from completion intervals that are open and producing at the time of
        the estimate. Improved recovery reserves are considered producing only after the improved recovery project is in operation.
        
Developed Non-Producing Reserves &ndash; Developed Non-Producing
        Reserves include shut-in and behind-pipe Reserves. Shut-in Reserves are expected to be recovered from (1) completion intervals
        which are open at the time of the estimate but which have not yet started producing
 (2) wells which were shut-in for market conditions
        or pipeline connections
 or (3) wells not capable of production for mechanical reasons. Behind-pipe Reserves are expected to be
        recovered from zones in existing wells which will require additional completion work or future recompletion prior to start of production.
        In all cases
 production can be initiated or restored with relatively low expenditure compared to the cost of drilling a new well.





    
    






DEFINITIONS OF
OIL AND GAS RESERVES

S-X Section 210.4-10(a)

Costs incurred
to obtain access to proved reserves and to provide facilities for extracting
 treating
 gathering and storing the oil and gas.
More specifically
 development costs
 including depreciation and applicable operating costs of support equipment and facilities
and other costs of development activities
 are costs incurred to:


Gain access to and prepare well locations for drilling
 including surveying
well locations for the purpose of determining specific development drilling sites
 clearing ground
 draining
 road building
 and
relocating public roads
 gas lines
 and power lines
 to the extent necessary in developing the proved reserves.

Drill and equip development wells
 development-type stratigraphic test wells
and service wells
 including the costs of platforms and of well equipment such as casing
 tubing
 pumping equipment
 and the wellhead
assembly.

Acquire
 construct
 and install production facilities such as lease flow
lines
 separators
 treaters
 heaters
 manifolds
 measuring devices
 and production storage tanks
 natural gas cycling and processing
plants
 and central utility and waste disposal systems.



. A development
project is the means by which petroleum resources are brought to the status of economically producible. As examples
 the development
of a single reservoir or field
 an incremental development in a producing field
 or the integrated development of a group of several
fields and associated facilities with a common ownership may constitute a development project.

. A well drilled
within the proved area of an oil or gas reservoir to the depth of a stratigraphic horizon known to be productive.

. The
term economically producible
 as it relates to a resource
 means a resource which generates revenue that exceeds
 or is reasonably
expected to exceed
 the costs of the operation. The value of the products that generate revenue shall be determined at the terminal
point of oil and gas producing activities as defined in paragraph (a)(16) of this section.

.
Estimated ultimate recovery is the sum of reserves remaining as of a given date and cumulative production as of that date.

. Costs incurred
in identifying areas that may warrant examination and in examining specific areas that are considered to have prospects of containing
oil and gas reserves
 including costs of drilling exploratory wells and exploratory-type stratigraphic test wells. Exploration
costs may be incurred both before acquiring the related property (sometimes referred to in part as prospecting costs) and after
acquiring the property. Principal types of exploration costs
 which include depreciation and applicable operating costs of support
equipment and facilities and other costs of exploration activities
 are:


Costs of topographical
 geographical and geophysical studies
 rights of
access to properties to conduct those studies
 and salaries and other expenses of geologists
 geophysical crews
 and others conducting
those studies. Collectively
 these are sometimes referred to as geological and geophysical or &quot;G&amp;G&quot; costs.

Costs of carrying and retaining undeveloped properties
 such as delay rentals
ad valorem taxes on properties
 legal costs for title defense
 and the maintenance of land and lease records.







. An exploratory
well is a well drilled to find a new field or to find a new reservoir in a field previously found to be productive of oil or gas
in another reservoir. Generally
 an exploratory well is any well that is not a development well
 an extension well
 a service well
or a stratigraphic test well as those items are defined in this section.

. An extension
well is a well drilled to extend the limits of a known reservoir.



    
    





DEFINITIONS OF
OIL AND GAS RESERVES

S-X Section 210.4-10(a)

. An area consisting of
a single reservoir or multiple reservoirs all grouped on or related to the same individual geological structural feature and/or
stratigraphic condition. There may be two or more reservoirs in a field which are separated vertically by intervening impervious
strata
 or laterally by local geologic barriers
 or by both. Reservoirs that are associated by being in overlapping or adjacent
fields may be treated as a single or common operational field. The geological terms &quot;structural feature&quot; and &quot;stratigraphic
condition&quot; are intended to identify localized geological features as opposed to the broader terms of basins
 trends
 provinces
plays
 areas-of-interest
 etc.







The search for crude oil
 including condensate and natural gas liquids
 or
natural gas (&quot;oil and gas&quot;) in their natural states and original locations;

The acquisition of property rights or properties for the purpose of further
exploration or for the purpose of removing the oil or gas from such properties;

The construction
 drilling
 and production activities necessary to retrieve
oil and gas from their natural reservoirs
 including the acquisition
 construction
 installation
 and maintenance of field gathering
and storage systems
 such as:



Gathering
 treating
 and field processing (as in the case of processing
gas to extract liquid hydrocarbons); and

Extraction of saleable hydrocarbons
 in the solid
 liquid
 or gaseous state
from oil sands
 shale
 coalbeds
 or other nonrenewable natural resources which are intended to be upgraded into synthetic oil or
gas
 and activities undertaken with a view to such extraction.

Instruction 1 to paragraph
(a)(16)(i)
 which is the outlet
valve on the lease or field storage tank. If unusual physical or operational circumstances exist
 it may be appropriate to regard
the terminal point for the production function as:


The first point at which oil
 gas
 or gas liquids
 natural or synthetic
are delivered to a main pipeline
 a common carrier
 a refinery
 or a marine terminal; and

In the case of natural resources that are intended to be upgraded into synthetic
oil or gas
 if those natural resources are delivered to a purchaser prior to upgrading
 the first point at which the natural resources
are delivered to a main pipeline
 a common carrier
 a refinery
 a marine terminal
 or a facility which upgrades such natural resources
into synthetic oil or gas.

Instruction 2 to paragraph
(a)(16)(i):
 means hydrocarbons that are saleable
in the state in which the hydrocarbons are delivered.





Transporting
 refining
 or marketing oil and gas;

Processing of produced oil
 gas
 or natural resources that can be upgraded
into synthetic oil or gas by a registrant that does not have the legal right to produce or a revenue interest in such production;

Activities relating to the production of natural resources other than oil
gas
 or natural resources from which synthetic oil and gas can be extracted; or



Possible
reserves are those additional reserves that are less certain to be recovered than probable reserves.


When deterministic methods are used
 the total quantities ultimately recovered
from a project have a low probability of exceeding proved plus probable plus possible reserves. When probabilistic methods are
used
 there should be at least a 10% probability that the total quantities ultimately recovered will equal or exceed the proved
plus probable plus possible reserves estimates.



    
    






DEFINITIONS OF
OIL AND GAS RESERVES

S-X Section 210.4-10(a)


Possible reserves may be assigned to areas of a reservoir adjacent to probable
reserves where data control and interpretations of available data are progressively less certain. Frequently
 this will be in areas
where geoscience and engineering data are unable to define clearly the area and vertical limits of commercial production from the
reservoir by a defined project.

Possible reserves also include incremental quantities associated with a
greater percentage recovery of the hydrocarbons in place than the recovery quantities assumed for probable reserves.

The proved plus probable and proved plus probable plus possible reserves
estimates must be based on reasonable alternative technical and commercial interpretations within the reservoir or subject project
that are clearly documented
 including comparisons to results in successful similar projects.

Possible reserves may be assigned where geoscience and engineering data
identify directly adjacent portions of a reservoir within the same accumulation that may be separated from proved areas by faults
with displacement less than formation thickness or other geological discontinuities and that have not been penetrated by a wellbore
and the registrant believes that such adjacent portions are in communication with the known (proved) reservoir. Possible reserves
may be assigned to areas that are structurally higher or lower than the proved area if these areas are in communication with the
proved reservoir.

Pursuant to paragraph (a)(22)(iii) of this section
 where direct observation
has defined a highest known oil (HKO) elevation and the potential exists for an associated gas cap
 proved oil reserves should
be assigned in the structurally higher portions of the reservoir above the HKO only if the higher contact can be established with
reasonable certainty through reliable technology. Portions of the reservoir that do not meet this reasonable certainty criterion
may be assigned as probable and possible oil or gas based on reservoir fluid properties and pressure gradient interpretations.

 Probable
reserves are those additional reserves that are less certain to be recovered than proved reserves but which
 together with proved
reserves
 are as likely as not to be recovered.


When deterministic methods are used
 it is as likely as not that actual
remaining quantities recovered will exceed the sum of estimated proved plus probable reserves. When probabilistic methods are used
there should be at least a 50% probability that the actual quantities recovered will equal or exceed the proved plus probable reserves
estimates.

Probable reserves may be assigned to areas of a reservoir adjacent to proved
reserves where data control or interpretations of available data are less certain
 even if the interpreted reservoir continuity
of structure or productivity does not meet the reasonable certainty criterion. Probable reserves may be assigned to areas that
are structurally higher than the proved area if these areas are in communication with the proved reservoir.

Probable reserves estimates also include potential incremental quantities
associated with a greater percentage recovery of the hydrocarbons in place than assumed for proved reserves.



 The
method of estimation of reserves or resources is called probabilistic when the full range of values that could reasonably occur
for each unknown parameter (from the geoscience and engineering data) is used to generate a full range of possible outcomes and
their associated probabilities of occurrence.




Costs incurred to operate and maintain wells and related equipment and facilities
including depreciation and applicable operating costs of support equipment and facilities and other costs of operating and maintaining
those wells and related equipment and facilities. They become part of the cost of oil and gas produced. Examples of production
costs (sometimes called lifting costs) are:






Materials
 supplies
 and fuel consumed and supplies utilized in operating
the wells and related equipment and facilities.



    
    






DEFINITIONS OF
OIL AND GAS RESERVES

S-X Section 210.4-10(a)


Property taxes and insurance applicable to proved properties and wells and
related equipment and facilities.




Some support equipment or facilities may serve two or more oil and gas producing
activities and may also serve transportation
 refining
 and marketing activities. To the extent that the support equipment and
facilities are used in oil and gas producing activities
 their depreciation and applicable operating costs become exploration
development or production costs
 as appropriate. Depreciation
 depletion
 and amortization of capitalized acquisition
 exploration
and development costs are not production costs but also become part of the cost of oil and gas produced along with production (lifting)
costs identified above.

 The part of a
property to which proved reserves have been specifically attributed.


Proved oil and gas reserves are those quantities of oil and gas
 which
 by analysis of geoscience and engineering data
 can be
estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible&mdash;from a given date forward
 from known reservoirs
 and under
existing economic conditions
 operating methods
 and government regulations&mdash;prior to the time at which contracts providing
the right to operate expire
 unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain
 regardless of whether deterministic
or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation. The project to extract the hydrocarbons must have commenced or the operator
must be reasonably certain that it will commence the project within a reasonable time.





The area identified by drilling and limited by fluid contacts
 if any
 and

Adjacent undrilled portions of the reservoir that can
 with reasonable certainty
be judged to be continuous with it and to contain economically producible oil or gas on the basis of available geoscience and engineering
data.


In the absence of data on fluid contacts
 proved quantities in a reservoir
are limited by the lowest known hydrocarbons (LKH) as seen in a well penetration unless geoscience
 engineering
 or performance
data and reliable technology establishes a lower contact with reasonable certainty.

Where direct observation from well penetrations has defined a highest known
oil (HKO) elevation and the potential exists for an associated gas cap
 proved oil reserves may be assigned in the structurally
higher portions of the reservoir only if geoscience
 engineering
 or performance data and reliable technology establish the higher
contact with reasonable certainty.

Reserves which can be produced economically through application of improved
recovery techniques (including
 but not limited to
 fluid injection) are included in the proved classification when:


Successful testing by a pilot project in an area of the reservoir with properties
no more favorable than in the reservoir as a whole
 the operation of an installed program in the reservoir or an analogous reservoir
or other evidence using reliable technology establishes the reasonable certainty of the engineering analysis on which the project
or program was based; and

The project has been approved for development by all necessary parties and
entities
 including governmental entities.


Existing economic conditions include prices and costs at which economic
producibility from a reservoir is to be determined. The price shall be the average price during the 12-month period prior to the
ending date of the period covered by the report
 determined as an unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price
for each month within such period
 unless prices are defined by contractual arrangements
 excluding escalations based upon future
conditions.

 Properties
with proved reserves.

 If deterministic
methods are used
 reasonable certainty means a high degree of confidence that the quantities will be recovered. If probabilistic
methods are used
 there should be at least a 90% probability that the quantities actually recovered will equal or exceed the estimate.
A high degree of confidence exists if the quantity is much more likely to be achieved than not
 and
 as changes due to increased
availability of geoscience (geological
 geophysical
 and geochemical)
 engineering
 and economic data are made to estimated ultimate
recovery (EUR) with time
 reasonably certain EUR is much more likely to increase or remain constant than to decrease.



    
    





DEFINITIONS OF
OIL AND GAS RESERVES

S-X Section 210.4-10(a)

 Reliable
technology is a grouping of one or more technologies (including computational methods) that has been field tested and has been
demonstrated to provide reasonably certain results with consistency and repeatability in the formation being evaluated or in an
analogous formation.

Reserves are estimated
remaining quantities of oil and gas and related substances anticipated to be economically producible
 as of a given date
 by application
of development projects to known accumulations. In addition
 there must exist
 or there must be a reasonable expectation that there
will exist
 the legal right to produce or a revenue interest in the production
 installed means of delivering oil and gas or related
substances to market
 and all permits and financing required to implement the project.

: Reserves
should not be assigned to adjacent reservoirs isolated by major
 potentially sealing
 faults until those reservoirs are penetrated
and evaluated as economically producible. Reserves should not be assigned to areas that are clearly separated from a known accumulation
by a non-productive reservoir (i.e.
 absence of reservoir
 structurally low reservoir
 or negative test results). Such areas may
contain prospective resources (i.e.
 potentially recoverable resources from undiscovered accumulations).





Excerpted from the FASB Accounting Standards
        Codification Topic 932
 Extractive Activities &ndash; Oil and Gas:
        
932-235-50-30 A standardized measure
        of discounted future net cash flows relating to an entity's interests in both of the following shall be disclosed as of the end
        of the year:
        
&#9;a.&#9;Proved
        oil and gas reserves (see paragraphs 932-235-50-3 through 50-11B)
&#9;b.&#9;Oil
        and gas subject to purchase under long-term supply
 purchase
 or similar agreements and contracts in which the entity participates
        in the operation of the properties on which the oil or gas is located or otherwise serves as the producer of those reserves (see
        paragraph 932-235-50-7).
        
The standardized measure of discounted
        future net cash flows relating to those two types of interests in reserves may be combined for reporting purposes.
        
932-235-50-31 All of the following information
        shall be disclosed in the aggregate and for each geographic area for which reserve quantities are disclosed in accordance with
        paragraphs 932-235-50-3 through 50-11B:
        
&#9;a.&#9;Future
        cash inflows. These shall be computed by applying prices used in estimating the entity's proved oil and gas reserves to the year-end
        quantities of those reserves. Future price changes shall be considered only to the extent provided by contractual arrangements
        in existence at year-end.
&#9;b.&#9;Future
        development and production costs. These costs shall be computed by estimating the expenditures to be incurred in developing and
        producing the proved oil and gas reserves at the end of the year
 based on year-end costs and assuming continuation of existing
        economic conditions. If estimated development expenditures are significant
 they shall be presented separately from estimated production
        costs.
&#9;c.&#9;Future
        income tax expenses. These expenses shall be computed by applying the appropriate year-end statutory tax rates
 with consideration
        of future tax rates already legislated
 to the future pretax net cash flows relating to the entity's proved oil and gas reserves
        less the tax basis of the properties involved. The future income tax expenses shall give effect to tax deductions and tax credits
        and allowances relating to the entity's proved oil and gas reserves.
&#9;d.&#9;Future
        net cash flows. These amounts are the result of subtracting future development and production costs and future income tax expenses
        from future cash inflows.
&#9;e.&#9;Discount.
        This amount shall be derived from using a discount rate of 10 percent a year to reflect the timing of the future net cash flows
        relating to proved oil and gas reserves.
&#9;f.&#9;Standardized measure of discounted future net cash
        flows. This amount is the future net cash flows less the computed discount.



 A porous and permeable
underground formation containing a natural accumulation of producible oil and/or gas that is confined by impermeable rock or water
barriers and is individual and separate from other reservoirs.



    
    






DEFINITIONS OF
OIL AND GAS RESERVES

S-X Section 210.4-10(a)

 Resources are quantities
of oil and gas estimated to exist in naturally occurring accumulations. A portion of the resources may be estimated to be recoverable
and another portion may be considered to be unrecoverable. Resources include both discovered and undiscovered accumulations.

 A well drilled
or completed for the purpose of supporting production in an existing field. Specific purposes of service wells include gas injection
water injection
 steam injection
 air injection
 salt-water disposal
 water supply for injection
 observation
 or injection for
in-situ combustion.

 A
stratigraphic test well is a drilling effort
 geologically directed
 to obtain information pertaining to a specific geologic condition.
Such wells customarily are drilled without the intent of being completed for hydrocarbon production. The classification also includes
tests identified as core tests and all types of expendable holes related to hydrocarbon exploration. Stratigraphic tests are classified
as &quot;exploratory type&quot; if not drilled in a known area or &quot;development type&quot; if drilled in a known area.


Undeveloped oil and gas reserves are reserves of any category that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage
or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion.


Reserves on undrilled acreage shall be limited to those directly offsetting
development spacing areas that are reasonably certain of production when drilled
 unless evidence using reliable technology exists
that establishes reasonable certainty of economic producibility at greater distances.

Undrilled locations can be classified as having undeveloped reserves only
if a development plan has been adopted indicating that they are scheduled to be drilled within five years
 unless the specific
circumstances
 justify a longer time.





From the SEC&rsquo;s Compliance and
        Disclosure Interpretations (October 26
 2009):
        
Although several types of projects &mdash;
        such as constructing offshore platforms and development in urban areas
 remote locations or environmentally sensitive locations
        &mdash; by their nature customarily take a longer time to develop and therefore often do justify longer time periods
 this determination
        must always take into consideration all of the facts and circumstances. No particular type of project per se justifies a longer
        time period
 and any extension beyond five years should be the exception
 and not the rule.
        
Factors that a company should consider
        in determining whether or not circumstances justify recognizing reserves even though development may extend past five years include
        but are not limited to
 the following:
        
&#9;The
        company's level of ongoing significant development activities in the area to be developed (for example
 drilling only the minimum
        number of wells necessary to maintain the lease generally would not constitute significant development activities);
&#9;The
        company's historical record at completing development of comparable long-term projects;
&#9;The
        amount of time in which the company has maintained the leases
 or booked the reserves
 without significant development activities;
&#9;The
        extent to which the company has followed a previously adopted development plan (for example
 if a company has changed its development
        plan several times without taking significant steps to implement any of those plans
 recognizing proved undeveloped reserves typically
        would not be appropriate); and
&#9;The
        extent to which delays in development are caused by external factors related to the physical operating environment (for example
        restrictions on development on Federal lands
 but not obtaining government



Under no circumstances shall estimates for undeveloped reserves be attributable
to any acreage for which an application of fluid injection or other improved recovery technique is contemplated
 unless such techniques
have been proved effective by actual projects in the same reservoir or an analogous reservoir
 as defined in paragraph (a)(2) of
this section
 or by other evidence using reliable technology establishing reasonable certainty.

 Properties
with no proved reserves.















begin 644 image_001.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0```0`!``#_VP!#``8$!08%!`8&!08'!P8(A`*@D)

TH,4H*2C_

H&A8:*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H
M*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*C_P``1`!
`:H#`2(``A$!`Q$!_\0`
M'0`!``
!``
!`0````````````8'`4!`P0"?_$`$\0``$#`P(#!`4&0@'

0@305$B5&&4TQ065G&!TA@C
D)5D9*5H147
S8W

M$0$`````````````````````_]H`#`
!``(1`Q$`/P#5-*5ZI;CC








O/)97(]%:D*``7RYCGTK7M8F[)W]N
S_``DG_.FMLTE*4J




M(
D)(W)VYVC;SW''4@#H:N*O


M-[=*Z!ERG[]WZ0Y

MDEJTE[*$`C&7?-7/\D=/$D\A1W91N^GM/Z^E6K4UM1'OSZ^XA3)`(+#@R%
[



M/R$



@J:[PMIP?(H3^J@EMMT






M-O

1'LH/Y^\&
MM=V_A]Q)EWRYQY




?
[4PEKY49X2I0`W[.[3@'QQG./#K6
MAKI;(%VC-=8

M@[;S3;[+C3R$N-.)*%H6


M[7W:#(6M-2:G[1&KK=;=/VAR-:X9.T$E2&MV-SKR\8'(#`^P9)K8^C[#&TOI

1F!T;9;$C[!RKWTLH=H



J*T7
G+ZZTE=-+:?NSA<NECM<QP]5R(C;BC]I&:\VS2VG[4X'



$!\VQ


M




2*])DN):8907'%J.`E(&


8L$=#
_\`DL7!



F7`:`4MQ):6A+B4GDI3:E!03U


MZVPRX\\M*&FTE:U*.`D`9)-?NH3Q7:NMTL;&GK''*W[N[W#[R]Z6F8Z1O=WK


H5L6IE85L5_NJ'4'V&H=Q.@
/)*





ME*!2E*!2E*!2E*!2E*!2E*!2E*!2E*!2E*!2E*!2E*!2E*!2E*!2E*!2E*!2
-E*!2E*!2E*!2E*#_V3\_
`
end








begin 644 image_002.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_VP!#``H'!PD'!@H)`D+PH
#QD0#PX.
M#QX6%Q(9)`F)2,@(R(H+3DP*HV*R(C
D0R-CL]0$!`)C!&2T4^2CD_0#W_
MVP!#`0L+P\-#QT0$!T]*2,I/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]
M/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3T]/3W_P``1`!;`=`#`2(``A$!`Q$!_\0`

M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#V:BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BJLVH6\.07W'T7FJK:G/

T[`
M:E127





'\Q2`MT5`MPP_UL+I[CYA^
ME2JZN


M$G(KHJQG3E3=I'31K0K1YH;!1114&H4444`%%%%`!16/K^MR:.(#'$DGFDYW
M$C&



V



[*BN+_`.$UN_\`GWM_U_QIR^-KG^*UA(]F



ZE6%)7F[&W17'R^-IB?W-I&H_VW)_E4)\9WW_/*W'X'_&MUA*O


M_@M\X\UPN?3-5;ZZ\_4+F7/WY6;]35WPQ^]\262^C[OR!KV_@I^B/E.7VE?7
MJ_U()P]O/)#(



1W/9?Z_E6Q/XBAC\

Q[FN7

M=MX


5_

MF(S!5+

3)NM

Y/#^EH


M#X4?)5(^^_4]8@T?3O(C/V*WY4'_`%8ID_AS2YU(:TC0G^*/Y2/RKDD^(%XD
M:K]DMSM&

M5)K5)-ZI@@GK@C.#[U32=HW5XV*NIRK`X(-5A)+=S$CS)I7.3@%F)KH-(\'W

`[G2+I[[2;:XD&'DC!
M;ZTS6M432=.DN&P7^[&O]YCTJY%&D$*1Q@+&BA5'H!7FGBG7?[5U
K$V;:#*


M7?B:CA&T-SR
#0C4FY5'HCSQRT;LD@*NI*L#V(K:\+ZW_9VH&9L6\YMG^%

X_6N:I0KQ6]T=U+$X64D^6S]/U.NHI`
M0P!4@@\@BEKB/3H+V;[/8W$I./+C9OR%3U0UNUGO=%O+:UVB::)D7<<#GBG







MRQMP1+\N1Z

&[[QMD+`PCR2Y;S&(ZXQC@^E<



/4'N*ET?Q#=:)=^=:O
M\I^_&WW7'O\`XUZKKN@6?BR,%TN'',

M@!&S_GHOI]?2O

M&!*GRN/Q']:[


GRS:2CU6



64\$=/2O0

+6G




MM^5:4




'E4R
M?5N:LT#*:V+2'-U*TI_NCA?RJTJJBA54*!V`IU%(`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`BEN(H2!)(JD]



M]DXJ!]'C/W)6'U&:T:*=P
=]'E'W71OKQ41TZZ3HF?\`=:MVBBXK&#Y=['VG



ND3G[S
3_=/\JR/+'J_P#WV:TH@/L`'.-AZF@90T;_`%\G^[6Q6&L*#H/HQI?
M+'J__?9H$;$L?FQ.G]X$5CVLAT^Z99U(!&?ZU/9(!=*<MT/5B:T9(DE7;(@


begin 644 nsai.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_VP!#``(!`0(!`0(`@(`@(`P4#`P
#
M`P8$!`

#`P8#`P8


M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#]_**\Q^-7
M[:WP=_9M\2V^C?$/XJ?#OP-J]Y;\@LM?\0VFG7$T!9D$JI-(K%R
-P&
J1
MVKCO^'KO[

ZSI7B'0



MQS4


\2:Q::=IWQF^%-_J%_

0
M/F`Y.*`.HHKA-'_:D^&7B'PMKVN:?\1?`M]HOA9MFM:A;Z]:RVND-G&+B17*
MPG(/#D=*P=&_;U^!GB+5[73]/^
_PHOK^^F2WMK:W\6V$LUQ([!51$64EF8D
M``#))`H`]9HKS7Q[^V;\'_A7XKNM!\3_`!6^&WAS7+':+G3M4\365G=6^Y0Z

B`(4EKD/

M-0TZZCNK6Z7)&Y)$)


CN%D++


\(W@C-OKEWJ]O#ILXD_U92X9Q&V[MAN




M=Z84L#\PXY%7+[]I+X=Z9-X7BN?'O@NWD\;A&\.I)K=LK:^'*A#:`O\`Z0&+


:(
MD:V6B-XKL[[L(B@=MCZ7<V


M-2A$JQQ&1ETR^G'FR*N9(1\H910!^V]%?C;\:/\`@HE^UWPYO?&^B67C&S

/C+0


C`]&'(KX;^'7[6
M7B3]GC]C_P`7^-?`GQ(\+^-?B1;:GX?ATCPO9_&.\^*S^+I9I70Z5Y
T*2:?

4`?J917YY_L8?M?_`!6^
M(/\`P4+\9_#[QG\2=-U'2/!OB6[\.QZ?%/X?L6U+R-+@EWFS(_M)BTTDDFZ+




O[$%A\2O^&@;

.

MKP9\3?VD-.NOBEIMR/@_;^(+71;:9O#EN]]-8^'UNX99;`@:A*QN&
A


*YMO\`TXZA7X[5^Q/_




]
NS!O#/83BRU!)[9R/XXI5




MB/P?8!6Q(()@SWCC'\/V:.2


%-<R<(;2^(A#-_LQS&&7_ME7[(?\'LO_`8/\*?^
MQ]'_`*;[J@#\59%'_#BJ(X&?^%[MS_W+ZU^U_P#P9.J!_P`$^_BB0!D_$!\^
M_P#Q+K.OQ+^U;_\`@AKY.W'E?'7?G/7=X?Q_[+^M?MK_`
&3W_*/KXH_]E`?

M+674[WX4^--
\1^#O$2L6@U+P[?I8(E+?,RQME5/.P!XCCRAG^H7]KS]B_X
M:?MX_5?`WQ7\

ML@'XA?\`!8_X?77Q
_X.9;_2;+PY\'/%-Q-X.LI!I_Q/OY+'PY+MT\DM+)')


M=4.3\H;..3Q78?\`!%#]F:3Q#X-^`OB/5OAE^PY=^'VU6UNKG7=;\27
7CL1
MI?
3


&+`3+P;)#<0!8&$OS&1TD1MPRI1(OF8JV/
MWB\

+2&$?);

3W$;F-66-'=KR
R.0/W
7/''[D
M_7_`(-[/V/_`(&?%#P]XT\*_!VRTKQ+X5U&#5=*O5US4Y3:74+B2*0*]PRD
MJZ@@,
CI7KW[


MB;68?$&HZ*-:U$PS7T2!$G5C/O0A0`0C`$*
@X%=;^TC_P`$K/@#^USHG@33
M_B'\.=

M?OX]?\`!UUX-\+_`!HM=!N_AUJ/@.-M3CUC4#I]F2FG7SQ%IA)&5(E5/F&



B^*_UVM_I=\NM:E
;6900K[)+AD;&3P


M
\G=Y`\O=LW8[TSX%?\`!-CX(_LT_M'^
OBYX'\!6&@?$+Q_]H_MW5XKJXD:


M9?C7\#OA_P##?Q-\
+34_!?PNCN8_#&FG5;^)=+6X8/
`Z3AWW


9M)%WNL3




MX@UJPU:X&E7UQ!::=:PZU;77V))@BS22K:0D&Y`C+R\A4!!&S^SQ^R#+^S1^

UTTC%2;BW54$F.7/&

`=O


4GMI(KGRW26


DB`E52


V=





T






R(?M$A9]I&0@R


:2&`W)9V^RHX6)I%+MY





0NLD;2?-V




M_P#LY+\1?B6_@?P;I=U(YBEM]4D%K;1+


!UKE_C5X]^)

$M(F(MCD_(03GAA0!]







ML.`6`9(]Z\\9_\%%M+T#]IWQG\
=*TNP\0:UX9\/7-[96=OK$
=_JVK6]J






ML















M`




M0-+;_9RD8.96CE0#83E!UW`5\^V__!UQXGN_C1/\.(OV+?C7+\0K:W^U2^&5





MU80]W%;)NM4$CH&WME0V[!4$U^F5?S#_`+.7[*GQ'TO]K?X*7_[*GP4_:B_9
;NBN2Q*E57<W)_<+X1?\`!3'7
MOB'_`,%9?'W[,FK?C5O#5AX3\
GQ/I?BZZOG\KQ%;B2SB+0P-`H\OS+F1-Z


%W`9KX+_8C_P5GQ^_8@_X.$_@_X=UW1/'7C3


M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110!F^

M


-HT4MO#$I66(NK%93G;^

M

M

MW^:PB5(RP#-M`H?#;_@D=\4/%WP(^$O@V[T#5_AGK/P_\2Z=K[^(FU30))+&


M\1_9Q8:7






MVL6$C



L[RVR0S`.BP.@5U!'(&.-^/OP
MD^(7Q`_;X\`:WX)\07?@^QL_AYK5K=ZY+X=74[=WEU#2GCM6$C((Y'$;N.=Q
M$3#&


8X]ZR2

MNIC2RT\M$WV=$!VA


7

K:I$RG!D2/=!JQG#0N

_A_1Y]0GT\M:W'ERRVR*9S

M:WD\;1S74-F9#;Q3R(SJTJ1J[!WR?G;/P_\``7]G?XR_#W7?`-[J-CXBTK1/



76





DDA2-20B;MJY.



MA5\1/'.D6?@*WLY[[0/#UWJ-O#.+^^8Q
\*

M`/1NWQN_\(G4O_C-?V]F9!*$+KO(R%SR1ZXIOVR'RF?S8]B'#-N&%/H30!XI

CJP(

W_#O+X_?]$.^

M^#_B:6TT;43IUQI5]`=-UAB(TD\Z*UN1&\L6'`W1[CN5ACBO[.(+R&Z)\J6.

MJ/AR\M\GV+1@'ZC-6/A'^P=\;/CUXA@TKP;\)OB)XCO;AMJI9:!=.J^[/LVH

=JFZ61(U)QEF`%3I+%YBNC1XSN!R/SH`_D*_:+_P#=WXX



MQJS@R(#&

M0K/4$O=!FN[F4RO-*N0CNJ(D8[C
OJ*_3G5?^#2C]C&[TNYBMO!WBNUN98F2


2N\L:(WW69@`?H:='*LR!D975NA!R#

A='6(AE.W((.


M!+RL+;X@?M*O9^`?$/@F67XF2B\N-4NYIT\13IIUG&]Y;^9%'MBRIC`0NI,
M1;=S@?77T$LWEK-$T@XVAP6_*BXO8;4@2RQ1ENF]@
_G0!+140OH#`91-$8


CJ*



!GN:1-0@E
MO'MUGA:XB`9X@X+H#T)'4@:BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
(O+G6;C5-!


!^SNC[M\0`R&`8=-\

;3X(1:GKFF

_\`
MP4!U[X9_M?+\.(M!\)V%JDVFPV8\1ZV^D7OBY;LJ)7TEY(OLLK6^Y@87F$LC
MQNH5

MM+:.R1D`

_&UIX4\9WEEJ'B/PK%/;2Z;J


F@:WYVEW/BOQ<_@E;Z^U6P\+B2V%CIE[=K.))HW\GSV5'N9I(XGD

MM=R3RI':RPSV\J3&5@B$`!F+*#[[\)_B&OQ6^'NF^($TS4M&&HHS?8[X1F:(
MJ[+]Z)WC=#MW+)&[(Z

^)VG^#Y_#OCOQ/K]_I
NN&V\-Z%)J;6UG'*L+2R;#D?






KX`/1/A


MI8277AO6]



M5Y\M\6_\$Z?B3K_QEUW5]/O/`GAJ36;_`%6XU+Q/HM[?6%WXKL+FWN8X-.U'


MNS8WR0R!S:3B-)#$X'W6V21M@]G4]Z\Q^./[9WA_X&?$^Q\'S^'?'GB?7[W2


FU8
)V\5WU
MO]EU6:V_LO2UURYU^32XXHBD@_MZBCN98W8Y2*3?Y0!PYWD``]OHHHH`_
W




!+2:P\/ZU)!_I6DP2HR21Q'HJE7<

M)J#PW5RZ(RBXFA@0!8R3M4%\=37/_L$R0?#WX1_\%!_A5X
U2\U/X


4YQ@
MX0DG:?U*TK6(-)_X.6/$[7=Y%:P']GFRQYTP1W]OR]`3C./QKZC\0_L,?+


P:I-?Z9H6M/J3
MVRB(2._D-/:


;MP($\PSG_`):-70?LN_L4_;]BGPU?Z1\*/A_X9\








MPW.T$`!0!]=_&/\`X)W?!+]H+X*^%/ASXS^&_ASQ#X'\#)#'H&CW4;_9M*6&

M:'E?EI!PQ.!P
4`?B;_P`$?OV%$^


$GW\9W\]*^KZ`/YU?A7^P+XZ_;$USX]S_WX#+_P`+
M*7X]Z_'I'QW;QXNEOX.$.J)(Z?8E?SYQ''O`4(5;S^.5KZO_`.YGP.N_CY_
MP5(_9D\)M\/_``+\7)I?!7B.:70_%^MS:'I5VT;6Q
[30JS*ZG+*N3^-?J






-7L[.$V-G=21LHV.[NXBW8D9MN#@5]H0_L/?

H(P0*?\


M%=SH
&E[VF7S(&A1S([8PP(&`!SSS[C_`

MER^
OB7\)/GC#Q1-;QVKZE?QR&9XHP0B$JX&%!..*[.W_8F^$UO^SOP7_X
M0'PY)\*UM6LU\

_
M[:'C+Q!\.M%\MF9+?5K;Q7':2_[H_L_4YC]0!W&/Z$?V2/\`@G;\$_V$1J[?


AN;B\CL;-2L2S3RM-


M_P#LD_\`!+O]JRW_`&3/&^N^*G^&R^('LK%KZ74K;P3JD=D)'L-/=T&88.)5
MC#R@


M$O=B'$.E:99I;VP+G+L54?,S$DLS9+=R:\@^$__``2!_9E^!GQRC^)/A+X+
M^=#\9V]P]U;:A;VK8LIGSND@A9C%`_)^:-%([8H`^%O^RMI\5-+_X+,_;

M4


M!4BUU/4K:PG@@TN_\JYN!$T=L?#4G[X!B
1Y_B'%?7G[
?\`P2G_`&=OV-?B



U5OCE^QC\*_VE/@M





8_B]K'C[_

MX\+Z5X/\+VT\MU%ING1F..25M\C`$G&YCF@#\[O^#9[]CWX5_#3]DZ^+NF


=QN$M]WD

MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`OBW]M'_`(*[




DTB^EO;:4W)13:R-)/*C^4NTQE0J
+-<M_%N@:;XBL+?2]&DGN1!J



M6GI=W\_G3QLJ)'*9;9022\D+8QTKZ+_87_:XTW]N?]F#P[\3-+TB]T&WUQ[N






-(T[1+E+8QQK:6UC



4MA+&MK(OERY
F^-E^\0OTE\2O@3






(9+;4+748YK]]F;B7[5



TGA*;Q3=7/B2ZNX1)LO([9

M--Y1

*







M][&A^RI^TY!^U)X
O-9M='_LVWM9EBCG@U:SU6SO%9`X

M8@JQY.^_X)N?#C4[Z76)TUE?&EWJ5WJEWXNMKE+37[M[FWDMI(VNH45EB$$@



EO&3DHC3(Q5



[[$W1?<.U<@X%`'Y?L^?\%-O

WAT2M

D`E&RIQTH`_-S7/CO\6OA;_P2]^/'C5/'OQ%@\96&


8V'.59_M=?'#X:?LK_M

M(%?YE#`X/(YKI/$OP4\&^

@GDO;:*3S8H96








M9M9_;`\4?`G2OVA_C'X]M_'/PTE\0:5XHO+WP_J5M'
'MXVU;3;BS836N&NP
MJVUQ;^6S1

M

YK2H`_+3]OS]K7Q=I7QK_`&C[S4OC
M!\1/AI#\!K?2;CPOX;\(7&AVT]_93VW4^MW4.J%!J


D\JW
M\$_G

MSV!SG]T\J


M0!`(8P0/2NGC\&Z1#XNF\0)I6FIKUQ:)82ZD+9!=R6R.SITN-YC5W=@A.`


MV%F=4N6B^W_#VZTVS6]U.[T]3&5D-[8B155\B*X42#Y6*C[]U7X4^%]=FUZ2


KQTXH`_+W]M']L/X@?`?_`(*

M1(X*H3&];/Q/_;-^(B7WQ$\.WOQ
U+P;X9U/]IT?#F]\6I]F2;P7H+:%:W:P
M02RQM%`TUUMA6:56V-=G'S%
?H9XF_9N^'?C3XGZ9XWUCP'X-U7QGHH4:?KU

MD+V^L2LJ*TERA7;
Y6.

M:_%*'PG!XAUG4K/1-1O8N)I?#L.L_9WM/MQ0
J7K1;23Y9PXS7T#_P`$@?V@
MM1^/O[(UW-J^L^
?$&O^$/$VJ^&M2?Q
^GW&HV\]M-_Q[-=V!^R7HC1T0746


MIFD:1%YA2QLK5(+9/
9G?$:`*-S

Z&5G6
KAU8D5SV

M(!=
CLC2
2OSGY17Z5_#3]CWX2?!?Q;_`&_X.^%WP[\*:[Y;P_VCH_ARSL;O

C.#BNCNO@]X1O?#6KZ+-X6\.S:/X@NI+W5+%]-A:VU*XD8.
M\TT97;)(S*K%F!)(!)XH`_*GP?\`ML_'?X%_`']KZXN/$7C73-7^%-MH5I8:



M#:%D^4L*_2N?X;^';KQ/=ZW+H.C2:SJ%@-*NK]K*
&]#\2!QJVGZ7H5K:6NJ!U*L)XH

M]$OM8'B-B))+K3_L*GRK$P




M\.6=_'JD&EV&B6UO9PWD;JZ7*Q(@03*ZJPD`W`J#D@#X1^&G[2U[X]_:-\


M

&7^&S:R-/?8L9O/[4$/G9(W9\

GPY^.6LV6H^
_`GA#Q7J&G1&UNM6TB\FMHRP8HCR*2JE@
M#@'&1F@#Y2^*_P#P5%\36&H_&6R\*6&B--HEG/\`\(#=:KIE[#8:G=V-U#97
MPGN#MBGC






418Q




%O#MQ

MJ#66U;QYK-I:)''X#@DND@?1[^_D-I;1ZFWVC+VT8R\B%4W$*YX'TW^QI\6]
M9^._[

D.]S%(7C+'9FM7X



Y-


TGSL1C+?





M8]$ME?3CYGFYA(3
?[PE_EQ\QSUH`\$^)'[?'B7P[^PS\*?%NBVECK'Q
^)6


JL
MCZ:UG&;1PS%V!BQL(+$DC'4YH`\0_9:_:`O&\)_&?6?%^IZMJECX4^)6L:1:













KZ9HH`^9O^&L_V@?^
MC3_$/_AP-!_^/4?\-9_M`_\`1I_B'_PX&@__`!ZOIFB@#YF_X:S_`&@?^C3_
M`!#_`.'`T'_X]1_PUG^T#_T:?XA_\.!H/_QZOIFB@#YF_P&L_V@?^C3_$/_




IP2VYACC'6O6:*`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@

begin 644 header.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_VP!#``(!`0(!`0(`@(`@(`P4#`P
#
M`P8$!`

#`P8#`P8


M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#]4O\`@H9_








M!EM^V;+X#_:A\?\`P.U&YQI?C[2_^$@TJ-CPFH67$JK[R6SLQ]K45XM^WQ_R
ML)_M5?\`8K^

TJ6-KF
M73RXN1


01'DCR/))**RY!((`/?_P!E
MC_@O!^SW^U_\0M)\

8U

NC?%[P9J%S)X&UVWN+JVO+^V:S=8H)9(I6
M='Y4!HGZ]AGI7P)_P3X_X-T[O_@GW\3/A[XKT+QMX=U34K'P=K'A7QH+S2YI
MAJ4EU)


MKM;TKI;?_@K/\$=2M8[G3_$EWJME-\

MF`XD!5@0*^
/A__P`&W'BCX*?#GXR^_#?QOEUCPM\8OAA8^;N/7=(07%

M/^#^J_#VU\.26
CVOAO4M1\EKF[M0'PEK)-$\[0`#$D\F`0*`/HW]B'_@KY
M\$_^@/CFX\



MR#IG_!N;\0]2_8A^.7PNU+XJ^#M&?XMW6AS:=HGA_1[V+PGX9_LZYCFEF@M)

(9;18M'G+11Z';+<WTDHQ^[41.AC+?ZPL`O-5O@K_P7<^!/QZ^
M&?C3QEHB?$:'PMX$\
S^+=1U34/%[9VDMARJ[02.H69\MPB$D@

M[?\`!N?HW[



_\`!DW;R0_MV_%G?&Z@


C.1]3?\'.O_``2G/_!/;]MR;Q?X6TXV_P`+OBY+-JVE
M&/$.DW^[==V/'J&82QC@;)=HSY9KX!^!Y\92^.VM/`=AK&I^(]4TZ_T];7

BO4?@/_P`%./VE/V+?

M_P`%H_\`@LKK7_!6G2/@@-2MVL+CP)X5

MX=8L+35]3O8;V.WE&Z)I$2T=060JP`8\
._%`'Q%^P+^U1?_`+$G[9WPV^*N
MGF0OX*UVWO[B-/O7-KNV7
/_`&T@:5/^!5^A'[37PP\3_M`?\%V?VH/$_@;P

B!%)W

M[-G[3'B;X5^*VL[7Q%X1UV70-0EBD+6PECE\LRHQ`)B/WE8@94@X%?M-_P`+

MB[P?XONKR\TF\
_AZRFMX;9[K0-
NYE8S11ROOGGEF0N7*QSQID;=B\%X@_9
M[_X)M67QAU/Q'JFH_L^P^*TUM]6G6Y\:P*-.U











?$WQ
M-^




M)AXRANQXNLA?)JXD

/`?COX@^)](^*?P+




M!CN&PY]





-DK$88


M
#/C/#\0M)^)_P`!=-\8VWAJ+P=#J-MXPL(S
M!I$4OFQV21B?RUB5P`%!&`



MG
C
39QDL9%N3Q_$H`/J!@T44`7=)T*QT%H[&SM+*-\%E@A6-3A0HR`!T5

22RL7=WTN`L[$Y))*\DFBB@!O_C/!/\`T)WA
M7_P4P?\`Q%'_``HSP3_T)WA7_P`%,'_Q%%%`!_PHSP3_`-=X5_\%
'_`
11
M_P`*


'_`
11_P`*

'_`

G(Z3X.M'M](TS3M*@D?S'CL[9($9L`;B%`!.`.?:BB@#0HHHH`__9
`
end








begin 644 footer.jpg

#`P
!PD.#PT
#@L
#`S_

#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
M#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P





&@#DO^'I/A/_`*)E



T$SK%(L3
RR
%(W
M&@QQ7HT^6'5])O+Y@F,!N!YD,L2R(A@5I`[*$VJ3G@XL_%G]MSX5?`J^U^W
M\6^,]-T.3PO:F\U8SQRE+&(1QRLSLJ%1B.:)R,YR*2

M+]HS_P`-/KG_`
^G

M+;ZMK3^'-&60W&JGPYJ26;
ER+5HXI3;A9I!.PC\N
LQ8'`X..W^%7QF\._&



M7MY?E4-@`$]10!PG_#TGPG_T3+]HS_PT^N?_`/1_P`/2??_1
OVC/_``T^




K

WTO0+;Q3=2(KE8M,N%F:ZSMY
M1UMYB
9/[L\=


OVC/_#3ZY_\`(]'_``])\)_]$R_:
_\`#3ZY


MXB8


LI*
MI\VXKM;`!YG_`

MMDC@XH?M
N
MGD_;^\&IX[\;ZNE^+9Y_A[9BZUN:VT];@02&W@G%JD4<C3R3E;F)<+$5WDK


0$D?]

M!DLL8E=YE*QLP9E5FZ`$@'G7_#TGPG_T3+]HS_PT^N?_`/1_P`/2??_1
O

H





GF!-IP`9O_``])\)_]$R_:
_\`#3ZY_P#(
M]'_#TGPG_P!$R_:

M2QBA:016MN5#RS./EC#

MI:V=/?\`L;3+F2W:YCM9KGHLSP`2!

OVC/_#3

6Z*%DA5$1ER6(9U(4M@D<?!_P`%-_AC;_!W
M7O&NKCQ7X<T_P^]H)K/4]GBUXCNX_-M)HH%#,\4R!V5N-OER;]FQL`&9_P
M])\)_P#1,OVC/_#3ZY_\CT?\/2??_1


O5)/VL?AU%%XCD;Q5IXB\(:Y!X;
MUN3#^7I=_,8ECBE;;A06FC4R$[`Q(+`JP&]\-OC)X7^,&E1WOAK6K/5K6:(S
MQ/2/.A$TD(F4$`M$TD

M_AZ3X3_Z)E^T9_X:?7/_`)'K7;_@I9\-M-\.^

M(/#MBD#/+

&UI]2T?

M_P#1
OVC/_#3ZY_\CT?\/2??_1,OVC/_#3ZY_\`(]?3%%`'S/\`\/2??\`
MT3+]HS_PT^N?_(]'_#TGPG_T3+]HS_PT^N?_`/7TQ10!\S_`/#TGPG_`-$R
M_:,_\-/KG_R/1_P])\)_]$R_:,_\-/KG_P`CU],44`?,_P#P])\)_P#1,OVC
M/_#3ZY_\CT?\/2??_1





M&YM4O3IMI=/K&D:K%#=;BJVUXMA=SO92NXV()E/)^[#[R%(!K?\/2??_1
MOVC/_#3ZY_\`(]'_``])\)_]$R_:


M0^*GP_LM`\6R-%HVH3Z];1V^I
6)9%<JN_(Y/S'A<F@#S3_AZ3X3_`.B9?M&?

/^'I/A/_HF7[1G

M_AK6?%,WV?2++4]3AM;C4I-P4+$CLYW

M


M!!*QVR1

MM:?$S29O%?P[MM

M+_AGXZ^
/'/[+/[0GBKX:?'Z\\1:;H7A=M0TK7=073]1U![ZWBO)+R\M+2(*
M+.SGV0QP+







[AD+W)+
MH@'V
!

M








MUE:6T)-H]S+E'DE$BG
32M7\/_M8^
\OX=229(XO,;R(U?46*`M(0L04DDEJY/]I;]@*[^-?[
M44/Q,LW^%VH31^';304L?&7@V3719M;W=S<BXMY$NX#&S&XP1@_ZM3FO4_%/
MQ5\0?\)EXX\/#PAKNEZ1H7AM=3L?%;3P&RUXD68-;Q('
HDAV*Q+*%.\8/K


MWXDATZ*&[AU
VICGU!8W



5WU)K)KB1?M<_FA7,9C7;%&/F(W5V/CS_@GKIGC'X_ZC\2DUIX?$D_B?3/$
M%JDT4LUDD5K916;VTUN91%,65'ECFVAX93$ZD^7AO+O#WQT^(VFW&FZ9XE^+
M4VEZ5KWC[7_#$_B:[TC3;8:3#IC70MX(R81)[KRAEYE9?W+A%5G&/
_%/\`
MP4V^
'](U'4[34?#
MFJFUG2YM8)\(9$SN59%(9#QN3!'&*^9/`WQJ\:?SQS\)O*?$+Q#<:1XC\
MZ;XIU*ZUK7=+:^NKRYG1)09=14N\04'$5N`5+'IN6@#Z:^(_[&'A[Q7X#^-N


M)_9MS)':NL6/.#-

Y6!.A)I/&7_!

0O)R]Q*9'180%0;5&



+KY6)B


4J[TD$8N-H1#*0K&3UW]H/X%GX\:7X2MSJ?\`99\+^*]+

MU/7K6ZM+?4(OAWJMOJQMK:WBMP$
1:W%PHBF9MYM%D(;+;\FY_:A\8//\);F






]Z\G]HM)`S?:7
M=T)E;


MJ(\

M6ENT#A1(-YN\$CR^?GKXD?M'^
O#/[&?PZ\17_QFU*U^(.GKJEZMM*;;3#XQ

^!O@SP%INK^&K/
M2O#?AZ;PQ=3:MX6@U6XDMYXH8Y;JTE9UDM;S



Y\H[))%`!]__L]?LTM^S5\+]7\,^';W2XXYKO5+W2[A[!V:
MR:[U\O(XI

*0NGV<YMSJH(6W<U






W

22:@



M]BGPQKW[6FN?%[5K#0=;\07&BZ5IFB-?Z2DTV@36
M]+Y\4I.[



=OY

MH^`H?VV/BGXG\&^
]2\?:OXW\`6MO\1;*/4-.\NT\




S/(S&'Q!


MIFA-:^%6LH8X-


M2ZMHC-:R)*I1I8XMPG)9%

MB2R17NH


M6GKW/XE?\%=/$7PCOI?.N_VT@^)\7B&;2#I=KK=WJ.EBVCTVUU'[4;FUT^

M7Q_^(_P%M_!TGQ+\.



M[@9-Q4==^S;_`
%=-:%G\(-%^(OAN*SC\5?#_2?$-]XIU&\:P;6[N?2/MUP;



$IL(
M?G9U

UQ?K#;





M/[.LKV[N+:'[




M8Q^XC@58N
8^4#'&!^0IYT.R+HWV.UW1


ZVG*A#M
MRH!Y&


X-7?[&LS+:R?9+;?8@K;-Y2YMP5VD(<?+D<<=N*LT4`
M(RAU((!!&#T-0KI=LJQ@6\`$49A0



MM2B@J=#LB+8?8[7%DVZW_=+^X.
IQ\IP2./6HM0\*:7J]Y;W-WINGW5Q:3

M64HAE52JO@;@#@D`^AP/R%/HH`@@TNVM9[B6*W@CENV#3NL8#3$`*Q'WC@`
M
&N#Y2YG(``+\?
0``
^@JS10!
MFZGX-T?6]2AO;W2M-N[RW(






MY7=$IVRCI(
CAAZ]:LT4`0QZ;;17\ETMO`MU

MM-M](LH[:TMX;6WB&$BA0(B#KP!P*FHH`9):Q331R/&C20DF-BH)0D8.#VXX

8P


U
MI:S1&43%'B5E




$?

6HWM_K7AZ=-6O]336)-4T[5;S3

N0!6]\5OV%OA9\:;N_NO$

MC:15P`W`Q7TK_@F9\$=*^'WBKPH?!*WOAOQEIJZ+J.G7^JWM[;KIZ.9$LK=9




`
end








begin 644 nsa_logo.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0```0`!``#_VP!#``8$!08%!`8&!08'!P8(A`*@D)

TH,4H*2C_

H&A8:*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H
M*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*C_P``1``N`.L#`2(``A$!`Q$!_\0`
M'0```@

!!`@!`4-
M``````$`P0`!1$&$B$'$R(Q00@4%E%689/3


M;MNCYNK+7!BL7U]6]4-UV1V+'9I6E02$;E*.X@I`.
5Q9W7:8G0S.H+?9H[Q




-`%2OF3G@?(U
M\]1]7HMEUM;+8Y$2NR7TMW!-SWD)94XI26NTXP$*(2G=GQ6*!JT4DSU;U#.
MCZ138K!;Y$V^6QZXJ:?EJ;2V&\Y2E6TY)`XSYTRNGNJ&=::+M6H([HZ)S16

MB%+!;4%8V!*TI./#Q`/RKK6+5S]SZE:HTPN(VVQ9V8SJ)`62IPNHW$$8P
4%
MPHHHH!7X3^RO+7^E/?OJ_QKU/5^$_LKRPE_I3W[ZO\`&@:?HVZ_]ANH+)K

MW*W1VYJ4CAN1V8PL^X+`_F!]XI73YDBX2W)4UY;\APY6XLY4HXQDF@_CTI]Z





UI'T@KM
FZQ$NDQ







ZFNG8)B2%J#:YS

)D
YSV;@


MT:MZ
KQ=9L);DZ[0#;92^U4-S)V^`SPK


^^E9IB[Z]:U

M=I
??5ML=TC7NT1+G`+ABRFPZV7&RA6T^])Y'\:G4!1110!\#7G_(Z]2ER'5)


M1
%F05@J28IE-AU('G@G;@Y\B3\JX[/1;J*Z^&4Z4N`5G&5[4I_F)Q_?7HC1
G/H\ZHNNJ

K=2/1B@V[2DB5HEZ[7&\M
MK1LBR'6MKBKL=U/(!SX^1JN=*^DFK+.;@Y?=
3P7'H82&9+*%%I+X6X
G=

$JV@]OP
G
M/SX]PJ3[;3O@;5?TXOWZN=%!3/;:=\#:K^G%^_1[;3O@;5?TXOWZN=%!3/;:
F=\#:K^G%^_7Z:UI-6ZA!T3JE`40-RFXV!\S^?\*N-%`4444'_]D_
`
end


















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        



      


      




          


          




      


      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    


    
    
    

    
    

    
    


 2012
 Ante5
 Inc. changed its corporate name to Black Ridge Oil &amp;#38; Gas
 Inc.
 and continues to trade its common stock&#13;on the OTC QB and OTC BB under the trading symbol &amp;#147;ANFC&amp;#148;. Black Ridge Oil &amp;#38; Gas
 Inc. (Formerly Ante5
 Inc.) (the&#13;&amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) became an independent company in April 2010 when the spin-off from our former parent company
 Ante4
 Inc.&#13;(now Emerald Oil
 Inc. and also formerly known as Voyager Oil &amp;#38; Gas
 Inc.)
 became effective. We became a publicly traded&#13;company when our shares began trading on July 1
 2010. Since October 2010
 we have been engaged in the business of acquiring oil&#13;and gas leases and participating in the drilling of wells in the Bakken and Three Forks trends in North Dakota and Montana. Our&#13;strategy is to participate in the exploration
 development and production of oil and gas reserves as a non-operating working interest&#13;owner in a growing

 exploration
 development and production of crude oil and natural gas properties

 we participate in drilling activities primarily on a heads-up basis. Before a well is&#13;spud
 an operator is required to offer all mineral lease owners in the designated well spacing unit the right to participate in&#13;the drilling and production of the well. Drilling costs and revenues from oil and gas sales are split pro-rata based on acreage&#13;ownership in the designated drilling unit. We rely on our operator partners to identify specific drilling sites
 permit





 Black Ridge Oil &amp;#38;&#13;Gas
 Inc. and subsidiary
 Poker Interests
 LLC will be collectively referred to herein as the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;
 or &amp;#147;Black&#13;Ridge&amp;#148;. The Company's headquarters are located in Minnetonka

 consisting of normal recurring adjustments

 services
 geographic areas and major customers. An operating segment is defined as a component of an enterprise that&#13;engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and expenses

 the Company separately classified debt issuance costs in the financial statements. For comparative purposes

 by its nature
 to environmental hazards and clean-up costs. At this time

&#13;all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents&#13;are stated at cost plus accrued interest

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December&#13;    31



552&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;926

417

401

 at times
 may exceed federally insured limits. Accounts are guaranteed by the&#13;Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) and the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) up to $250
000 and $500
000
&#13;respectively
 under current regulations. The Company had approximately $917
340 and $402
952 in excess of FDIC and SIPC insured&#13;limits at December 31
 2012 and 2011

 which&#13;approximates the effective interest method. The Company paid $796
233 and $66
921 of debt issuance costs during the years ended&#13;December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
 of which the unamortized balance of debt issuance costs at December 31
 2012 and 2011&#13;was $657
702 and $52
049
 respectively. Amortization of debt issuance costs charged to interest expense was $190
580 and $14
872&#13;for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. When a loan is paid in full

 &amp;#147;Accounting for Website Development Costs&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;ASC&#13;350-50&amp;#148;)


 infrastructure
 graphics)

 training
 admin)
 whereby the related costs are expensed as incurred. Upgrades are&#13;    usually expensed

660 of website development costs from inception through December 31
 2012. We have recognized depreciation&#13;expense on these website costs of $18
630 and $3
507 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011

 the Financial Accounting Standards Board establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted&#13;accounting principles and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. This Statement reaffirms that fair value is the relevant&#13;measurement attribute. The adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on the Company&amp;#146;s financial statements&#13;as reflected herein. The carrying amounts of cash

 renewals
 and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance&#13;and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Long-lived assets
 other than oil and gas properties
 are evaluated for impairment&#13;to determine if current circumstances and market conditions indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company has&#13;not recognized any impairment losses on non-oil and gas long-lived assets. Depreciation expense was $24
206 and $14
043 for the&#13;years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011

 and title has transferred&#13;to

 and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. If the liability&#13;is settled for an amount other than the recorded amount

 geological and geophysical expenses
 carrying charges on non-producing properties
 costs of drilling directly&#13;related to acquisition
 and exploration activities. Internal costs that are capitalized are directly attributable to acquisition
&#13;exploration and development activities and do not include costs related to the production
 general corporate overhead or similar&#13;activities. Costs associated with production and general corporate activities are expensed in the period incurred. Capitalized&#13;costs are summarized as follows for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011






 with no gain or loss recognized
 unless such a sale would&#13;significantly alter the relationship between capitalized costs and the proved reserves attributable to these costs. A significant&#13;alteration would typically involve a sale of 20% or more of the proved reserves related to a single full cost pool. During the&#13;year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company sold approximately 509 net acres for total proceeds of $1
893
649. During the year ended&#13;December 31
 2011
 the Company sold approximately 123 net acres for total proceeds of $336
925. The Company assesses all items&#13;classified as unevaluated property on a quarterly basis for possible impairment or reduction in value. The assessment includes&#13;consideration of the following factors
 among others: intent to drill; remaining lease term; geological and geophysical evaluations;&#13;drilling results and activity; the assignment of proved reserves; and the economic viability of development if proved reserves&#13;are assigned. During any period in which these factors indicate an impairment

 estimated future development costs

 discounted&#13;at 10% per annum
 of the estimated future net cash flows from proved oil and gas reserves plus the cost of unproved properties&#13;(adjusted for related income tax effects). Should capitalized costs exceed this ceiling
 impairment is recognized. The present&#13;value of estimated future net cash flows is computed by applying the arithmetic average first day price of oil and natural gas&#13;for the preceding twelve months to estimated future production of proved oil and gas reserves as of the end of the period
 less&#13;estimated future expenditures to be incurred in developing and producing the proved reserves and assuming continuation of existing&#13;economic conditions. Such present value of proved reserves' future net cash flows excludes future cash outflows associated with&#13;settling asset retirement obligations. Should this comparison indicate an excess carrying value
 the excess is charged to earnings&#13;as an impairment expense. We recognized $-0- and $2
392
742 of impairment costs during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011

 the market for which has very inelastic demand. Due to this
 we&#13;didn&amp;#146;t consider any purchasers to represent a material concentration to our sales for the years ended December 31
 2012&#13;or 2011

 we depend on our drilling partner operators to perform the drilling and other operating&#13;activities required for all sales of oil and gas. These operators are also responsible for remitting to us our revenue&#13;proceeds and billing us for drilling costs and lease operating expenses incurred. We had material concentrations of accounts&#13;receivable owed from two (2) and three (3) operators during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
&#13;representing 44% and 80% of total oil and gas revenues and 28% and 65% of total oil and gas accounts receivable as of&#13;December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 we had 66 and 24 gross producing wells
&#13;respectively
 and 2.30 and 0.68 net producing wells
 respectively. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 these two (2) and three&#13;(3) operating partners operated 38% and 46% of these gross producing wells

 as a practical expedient

 warrants and restricted stock. The number of potential common shares outstanding relating to stock options



789
225&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;42
882


061
239&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;42
882

513
709 and 6
047
375 as of December&#13;31
 2012 and 2011

 2010. Under FASB ASC 718-10-30-2
 all share-based&#13;payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 are to be recognized in the income statement based on their&#13;fair values. Pro forma disclosure is no longer an alternative. Amortization of the fair values of common stock and stock options&#13;issued for services and compensation totaled $1
288
448 and $753
860 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
&#13;including $438
539 and $43
120
 respectively
 of common stock valued at the fair market value based on the Company&amp;#146;s closing&#13;trading price on the date of grant. The fair values of stock options were determined using the Black-Scholes options pricing model&#13;and an effective term of 6 to 6.5 years based on the weighted average of the vesting periods and the stated term of the option&#13;grants and the discount rate on 5 to 7 year U.S. Treasury securities at the grant date and are being amortized over the related&#13;implied service term

 2010
 the Company adopted new standards for accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. These standards&#13;prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position&#13;taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. These standards also provide guidance on de-recognition
 classification
 interest&#13;and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure

 including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income to various tax jurisdictions.&#13;In evaluating the exposures connected with these various tax filing positions
 including state and local taxes
 the Company records&#13;allowances for probable exposures. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter
 for which an allowance has been established
&#13;is audited and fully resolved. The Company
 Inc. has not yet undergone an examination by any taxing authorities. The Company had&#13;indemnified Voyager Oil and Gas (Ante4)
 however
 for any unrecognized liabilities which was limited to $2
500
000
 and terminated&#13;on or about April 15
 2012
 subject to customary exceptions from these limitations. In July of 2011 the Internal Revenue Service&#13;completed an examination of federal income tax returns of Voyager Oil and Gas (Ante4) for the years ended January 3
 2010 and&#13;December 28
 2008. As a result of the examination we reimbursed Voyager Oil and Gas for their payments of $11
417 of federal taxes&#13;and
 based on the federal examination
 amended state returns in California that totalled an additional $48
666 in state taxes.&#13;In addition
 we reimbursed Voyager Oil and Gas for their payments of an additional $37

 the FASB issued Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820) &amp;#151; Amendments to Achieve&#13;Common Fair Value Measurement and Disclosure Requirements in U.S. GAAP and IFRSs (ASU 2011-04)
 which provides clarifications&#13;regarding existing fair value measurement principles and disclosure requirements
 and also specific new guidance for items such&#13;as measurement of instruments classified within stockholders&amp;#146; equity. These requirements were effective for interim and annual&#13;periods beginning after December 15
 2011. We implemented the accounting and disclosure guidance effective January 1
 2012
 and&#13;the implementation did not have a material impact on our financial statements. For required fair value measurement disclosures

 the FASB issued Comprehensive Income (Topic 220) &amp;#151; Presentation of Comprehensive Income&#13;(ASU 2011-05)
 which requires the presentation of the components of net income
 the components of OCI and total comprehensive&#13;income in either a single continuous financial statement of comprehensive income or in two separate
 but consecutive financial&#13;statements of net income and comprehensive income. These updates do not affect the items reported in OCI or the guidance for reclassifying&#13;such items to net income. These requirements were effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2011.&#13;We implemented the financial statement presentation guidance effective January 1

 the FASB issued Balance Sheet (Topic 210) &amp;#151; Disclosures about Offsetting&#13;Assets and Liabilities (ASU 2011-11)
 which requires disclosures regarding netting arrangements in agreements underlying derivatives
&#13;certain financial instruments and related collateral amounts
 and the extent to which an entity&amp;#146;s financial statement presentation&#13;policies related to netting arrangements impact amounts recorded to the financial statements. These disclosure requirements do&#13;not affect the presentation of amounts in the balance sheets
 and are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after&#13;January 1
 2013

 2012. We have evaluated&#13;the recently issued accounting pronouncements that are effective in 2013 and believe that none of them will have a material effect&#13;on our financial position

&#13;we are monitoring the joint standard-setting efforts of the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the International Accounting&#13;Standards Board. There are a large number of pending accounting standards that are being targeted for completion in 2013 and beyond
&#13;including
 but not limited to
 standards relating to revenue recognition
 accounting for leases
 fair value measurements
 accounting&#13;for financial instruments
 disclosure of loss contingencies and financial statement presentation. Because these pending standards&#13;have not yet been finalized
 at this time we are not able to determine the potential future impact that these standards will have
&#13;if any
 on our financial position

    




 Black Ridge Oil &amp;#38;&#13;Gas
 Inc. and subsidiary
 Poker Interests
 LLC will be collectively referred to herein as the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;
 or &amp;#147;Black&#13;Ridge&amp;#148;. The Company's headquarters are located in Minnetonka

 consisting of normal recurring adjustments


 services
 geographic areas and major customers. An operating segment is defined as a component of an enterprise that&#13;engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and expenses


 the Company separately classified debt issuance costs in the financial statements. For comparative purposes


 by its nature
 to environmental hazards and clean-up costs. At this time


&#13;all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents&#13;are stated at cost plus accrued interest

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December&#13;    31



552&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;926

417

401


 at times
 may exceed federally insured limits. Accounts are guaranteed by the&#13;Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) and the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) up to $250
000 and $500
000
&#13;respectively
 under current regulations. The Company had approximately $917
340 and $402
952 in excess of FDIC and SIPC insured&#13;limits at December 31
 2012 and 2011


 which&#13;approximates the effective interest method. The Company paid $796
233 and $66
921 of debt issuance costs during the years ended&#13;December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
 of which the unamortized balance of debt issuance costs at December 31
 2012 and 2011&#13;was $657
702 and $52
049
 respectively. Amortization of debt issuance costs charged to interest expense was $190
580 and $14
872&#13;for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. When a loan is paid in full


 &amp;#147;Accounting for Website Development Costs&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;ASC&#13;350-50&amp;#148;)


 infrastructure
 graphics)

 training
 admin)
 whereby the related costs are expensed as incurred. Upgrades are&#13;    usually expensed

660 of website development costs from inception through December 31
 2012. We have recognized depreciation&#13;expense on these website costs of $18
630 and $3
507 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011

    

 the Financial Accounting Standards Board establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted&#13;accounting principles and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. This Statement reaffirms that fair value is the relevant&#13;measurement attribute. The adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on the Company&amp;#146;s financial statements&#13;as reflected herein. The carrying amounts of cash


 renewals
 and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance&#13;and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Long-lived assets
 other than oil and gas properties
 are evaluated for impairment&#13;to determine if current circumstances and market conditions indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company has&#13;not recognized any impairment losses on non-oil and gas long-lived assets. Depreciation expense was $24
206 and $14
043 for the&#13;years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011


 and title has transferred&#13;to


 and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. If the liability&#13;is settled for an amount other than the recorded amount


 geological and geophysical expenses
 carrying charges on non-producing properties
 costs of drilling directly&#13;related to acquisition
 and exploration activities. Internal costs that are capitalized are directly attributable to acquisition
&#13;exploration and development activities and do not include costs related to the production
 general corporate overhead or similar&#13;activities. Costs associated with production and general corporate activities are expensed in the period incurred. Capitalized&#13;costs are summarized as follows for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011






 with no gain or loss recognized
 unless such a sale would&#13;significantly alter the relationship between capitalized costs and the proved reserves attributable to these costs. A significant&#13;alteration would typically involve a sale of 20% or more of the proved reserves related to a single full cost pool. During the&#13;year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company sold approximately 509 net acres for total proceeds of $1
893
649. During the year ended&#13;December 31
 2011
 the Company sold approximately 123 net acres for total proceeds of $336
925. The Company assesses all items&#13;classified as unevaluated property on a quarterly basis for possible impairment or reduction in value. The assessment includes&#13;consideration of the following factors
 among others: intent to drill; remaining lease term; geological and geophysical evaluations;&#13;drilling results and activity; the assignment of proved reserves; and the economic viability of development if proved reserves&#13;are assigned. During any period in which these factors indicate an impairment

 estimated future development costs

 discounted&#13;at 10% per annum
 of the estimated future net cash flows from proved oil and gas reserves plus the cost of unproved properties&#13;(adjusted for related income tax effects). Should capitalized costs exceed this ceiling
 impairment is recognized. The present&#13;value of estimated future net cash flows is computed by applying the arithmetic average first day price of oil and natural gas&#13;for the preceding twelve months to estimated future production of proved oil and gas reserves as of the end of the period
 less&#13;estimated future expenditures to be incurred in developing and producing the proved reserves and assuming continuation of existing&#13;economic conditions. Such present value of proved reserves' future net cash flows excludes future cash outflows associated with&#13;settling asset retirement obligations. Should this comparison indicate an excess carrying value
 the excess is charged to earnings&#13;as an impairment expense. We recognized $-0- and $2
392
742 of impairment costs during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011


 as a practical expedient


 warrants and restricted stock. The number of potential common shares outstanding relating to stock options



789
225&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;42
882


061
239&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;42
882
772&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Stock options and warrants excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS because&#13;their effect was antidilutive were 7
513
709 and 6
047
375 as of December 31
 2012 and 2011


 2010. Under FASB ASC 718-10-30-2
 all share-based&#13;payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 are to be recognized in the income statement based on their&#13;fair values. Pro forma disclosure is no longer an alternative. Amortization of the fair values of common stock and stock options&#13;issued for services and compensation totaled $1
288
448 and $753
860 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
&#13;including $438
539 and $43
120
 respectively
 of common stock valued at the fair market value based on the Company&amp;#146;s closing&#13;trading price on the date of grant. The fair values of stock options were determined using the Black-Scholes options pricing model&#13;and an effective term of 6 to 6.5 years based on the weighted average of the vesting periods and the stated term of the option&#13;grants and the discount rate on 5 to 7 year U.S. Treasury securities at the grant date and are being amortized over the related&#13;implied service term


 2010
 the Company adopted new standards for accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. These standards&#13;prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position&#13;taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. These standards also provide guidance on de-recognition
 classification
 interest&#13;and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure

 including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income to various tax jurisdictions.&#13;In evaluating the exposures connected with these various tax filing positions
 including state and local taxes
 the Company records&#13;allowances for probable exposures. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter
 for which an allowance has been established
&#13;is audited and fully resolved. The Company
 Inc. has not yet undergone an examination by any taxing authorities. The Company had&#13;indemnified Voyager Oil and Gas (Ante4)
 however
 for any unrecognized liabilities which was limited to $2
500
000
 and terminated&#13;on or about April 15
 2012
 subject to customary exceptions from these limitations. In July of 2011 the Internal Revenue Service&#13;completed an examination of federal income tax returns of Voyager Oil and Gas (Ante4) for the years ended January 3
 2010 and&#13;December 28
 2008. As a result of the examination we reimbursed Voyager Oil and Gas for their payments of $11
417 of federal taxes&#13;and
 based on the federal examination
 amended state returns in California that totalled an additional $48
666 in state taxes.&#13;In addition
 we reimbursed Voyager Oil and Gas for their payments of an additional $37


 the FASB issued Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820) &amp;#151; Amendments to Achieve&#13;Common Fair Value Measurement and Disclosure Requirements in U.S. GAAP and IFRSs (ASU 2011-04)
 which provides clarifications&#13;regarding existing fair value measurement principles and disclosure requirements
 and also specific new guidance for items such&#13;as measurement of instruments classified within stockholders&amp;#146; equity. These requirements were effective for interim and annual&#13;periods beginning after December 15
 2011. We implemented the accounting and disclosure guidance effective January 1
 2012
 and&#13;the implementation did not have a material impact on our financial statements. For required fair value measurement disclosures

 the FASB issued Comprehensive Income (Topic 220) &amp;#151; Presentation of Comprehensive Income&#13;(ASU 2011-05)
 which requires the presentation of the components of net income
 the components of OCI and total comprehensive&#13;income in either a single continuous financial statement of comprehensive income or in two separate
 but consecutive financial&#13;statements of net income and comprehensive income. These updates do not affect the items reported in OCI or the guidance for reclassifying&#13;such items to net income. These requirements were effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2011.&#13;We implemented the financial statement presentation guidance effective January 1

 the FASB issued Balance Sheet (Topic 210) &amp;#151; Disclosures about Offsetting&#13;Assets and Liabilities (ASU 2011-11)
 which requires disclosures regarding netting arrangements in agreements underlying derivatives
&#13;certain financial instruments and related collateral amounts
 and the extent to which an entity&amp;#146;s financial statement presentation&#13;policies related to netting arrangements impact amounts recorded to the financial statements. These disclosure requirements do&#13;not affect the presentation of amounts in the balance sheets
 and are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after&#13;January 1
 2013

 2012. We have evaluated&#13;the recently issued accounting pronouncements that are effective in 2013 and believe that none of them will have a material effect&#13;on our financial position

&#13;we are monitoring the joint standard-setting efforts of the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the International Accounting&#13;Standards Board. There are a large number of pending accounting standards that are being targeted for completion in 2013 and beyond
&#13;including
 but not limited to
 standards relating to revenue recognition
 accounting for leases
 fair value measurements
 accounting&#13;for financial instruments
 disclosure of loss contingencies and financial statement presentation. Because these pending standards&#13;have not yet been finalized
 at this time we are not able to determine the potential future impact that these standards will have
&#13;if any
 on our financial position


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December&#13;    31



552&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;926

417

401



789
225&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;42
882


061
239&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;42
882







    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2012 and 2011

&#13;2011
 we entered into a Revolving Credit and Security Agreement (the &amp;#147;PrenAnte5 Credit Agreement&amp;#148;) with certain lenders&#13;(collectively
 the &amp;#147;Lenders&amp;#148; and individually a &amp;#147;Lender&amp;#148;) and Prenante5
 LLC
 as agent for the Lenders&#13;(PrenAnte5
 LLC
 in such capacity
 the &amp;#147;Agent&amp;#148;). The facility provided $10 million in financing to be made available&#13;for drilling projects on the Company&amp;#146;s North Dakota Bakken and Three Forks position. The Company drew $2
000

&#13;one of the Company&amp;#146;s former directors
 participated as a Lender through the Agent with a commitment amount of $1.5 million&#13;in the facility. In consideration for his participation through the agent
 Mr. Goldfarb was issued 75
000 warrants (his pro-rata&#13;share as a Lender) with the same terms and conditions as the other warrants issued in connection with the closing of the PrenAnte5&#13;Credit Agreement. The warrants vested on the May 2
 2012
 the one year anniversary of the grant and are exercisable until May&#13;1
 2016 at an exercise price of $0.95 per share. The total estimated value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model
 based on a volatility&#13;rate of 97% and a call option value of $0.7837
 was $58
781
 and was amortized over the three year life of the credit agreement&#13;and the amortization was accelerated in 2012 to fully amortize the remaining unamortized value upon termination of the agreement.&#13;The Company recognized compensation expense of $45
719 and $13
062 during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011

 Steve Lipscomb
 received a commission of 5% of a royalty stream from Peerless Media Ltd.
 recorded on&#13;the balance sheet as of December 31
 2011 as a contingent consideration receivable
 as a result of an incentive arrangement with&#13;Mr. Lipscomb that was approved by Ante4&amp;#146;s Board of Directors in February 2009. Mr. Lipscomb has received a total of $26
468&#13;and $23
170 during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
 of which $19
071 in royalties were received by Mr.&#13;Lipscomb while an officer of the Company in 2012. As a result of the settlement of litigation related to the same agreement
 Mr.&#13;Lipscomb was due 5% of the settlement payments from the litigation settlement amounting to approximately $548
827 of which $432
593&#13;was paid in 2012 and the remaining $116
234 is due upon receipt by the Company of the final settlement payment from Peerless Media

 Bradley Berman. The sublease agreement was cancelled and we entered into a direct lease on April 30
&#13;2012 to expand and occupy approximately 1
142 square feet of office space. In accordance with this lease
 our lease term remains&#13;on a month-to-month basis
 provided that either party may provide 90 day notice to terminate the lease
 with base rents of $1
142&#13;per month
 plus common area operations and maintenance charges
 and monthly parking fees of $240 per month
 for the first year&#13;commencing on May 1
 2012
 and subject to increases of $24 per month for each of the subsequent four year periods. We have paid&#13;a total of $26
546 and $13
208 to this entity during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011

562 to an entity owned by our former CEO and current Chairman of the Board of Directors
 Bradley Berman&#13;for administrative services provided during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011


 2012 and 2011. A net well represents our percentage&#13;ownership of a gross well. The following tables do not include wells in which our interest is limited to royalty and overriding&#13;royalty interests. The following tables also do not include wells which were awaiting completion

 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December&#13;    31

&#13;drilling costs and other associated capitalized costs. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 our principal oil and gas assets included&#13;approximately 12
256 and 10
457 net acres
 respectively



839

731

618
145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
422

422

940

688&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
391&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: 13.5pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Total purchase and&#13;    development costs

094

097

 the Company purchased approximately 2
306 net mineral acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota and Montana. In consideration&#13;for the assignment of these mineral leases
 we paid the sellers a total of approximately $3
249
347. Of these acquisitions
 110&#13;acres acquired on February 14
 2012 were acquired from the State of North Dakota. The operator of this well has filed a lawsuit&#13;against the state challenging the state&amp;#146;s ownership in these mineral rights. As a result
 we have not capitalized any Authorization&#13;for Expenditure costs (&amp;#147;AFE&amp;#148;) or recognized any sales from this well. In the event the operator is successful in their&#13;litigation with the state

 the Company sold approximately 506 net mineral acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota for total proceeds of $1
893

 the Company purchased approximately 6
867 net mineral acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota and Montana. In consideration&#13;for the assignment of these mineral leases
 we paid the sellers a total of approximately $12
507
552
 including 3
852
851 shares&#13;of common stock valued at $4
940

 2011
 the Company sold a total of approximately 123 net acres at $2
750 per acre for total proceeds of $336


 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=5 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December&#13;    31



839

731

618
145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
422

422

940

688&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
391&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: 13.5pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Total purchase and&#13;    development costs

094

097

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 the fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation is recorded in the&#13;period in which it is incurred and a corresponding increase in the carrying amount of the related long lived asset. The liability&#13;is accreted to its present value each period
 and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset.&#13;If the liability is settled for an amount other than the recorded amount




688&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3







688&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3





 Inc. (&amp;#147;Ante4&amp;#148;) and Peerless Media Ltd. (&amp;#147;Peerless&amp;#148;) during fiscal year 2009
&#13;pursuant to which
 Ante4 sold substantially all of its operating assets (the &amp;#147;Transaction&amp;#148;) and a spin-off on April&#13;16
 2010 to Ante5
 Inc.
 now Black Ridge Oil &amp;#38; Gas
 Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;)
 the Company was entitled to receive
 in&#13;perpetuity
 5% of gross gaming revenue and 5% of other revenue of Peerless generated by Ante4&amp;#146;s former business and assets&#13;that were sold to Peerless in the Transaction
 subject to a 5% commission presented as Royalties Payable on the balance sheet.&#13;Peerless had guaranteed a minimum payment to the Company of $3 million for such revenue over the three-year period following the&#13;closing of the Transaction on November 2
 2009. The Company prepared a discounted cash flow model to determine an estimated fair&#13;value of this portion of the purchase price as of November 2
 2009. This value was recorded on the balance sheet of Ante4. In&#13;connection with the spin-off described above
 on April 16
 2010 Ante4 distributed this asset to its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Ante5
&#13;Inc.
 which was spun-off and a registration statement was filed on Form 10-12/A
 along with an Information Statement with the&#13;Securities and Exchange Commission for the purpose of spinning off the Ante5 shares from Ante4
 Inc. to its stockholders of record&#13;on April 15
 2010. The following is a summary of the contingency consideration receivable and related royalties payable through&#13;December 31

 April 16

532


117

335)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;11
343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(170

650)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: windowtext 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: windowtext 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;80
057&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: windowtext 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: windowtext 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(798
593)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Balance
&#13;    December 31
 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
472
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(323
600)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
148

398)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: windowtext 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: windowtext 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;23
169&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: windowtext 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: windowtext 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(440
229)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Balance
&#13;    December 31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
008
602&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(300
431)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5
708

361)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;26
468&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(502

479
241)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: windowtext 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: windowtext 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;273
963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: windowtext 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: windowtext 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(5
205
278)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Balance
&#13;    December 31

 2012
 the Company entered into a settlement agreement with Peerless and ElectraWorks
 Ltd. (&amp;#147;ElectraWorks&amp;#148;) to settle&#13;all claims regarding Peerless&amp;#146;s performance of obligations with respect to the business purchased by Peerless from Ante4
&#13;Inc. in November 2009 (the &amp;#34;Litigation&amp;#34;). The Litigation was pending before Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services&#13;(JAMS) in Los Angeles
 California. Under the settlement agreement
 Peerless/ElectraWorks will pay the Company $13.5 million
 of&#13;which $11
000
000 was received by the Company in 2012 and the remaining $2.5 million is payable on or before December 31
 2013.&#13;In addition

 of which $1.84 million was paid in 2012
 as well as various costs out of the proceeds.&#13;In addition
 as a result of an incentive arrangement with Steve Lipscomb
 a former officer of the Company that was approved by&#13;WPT Enterprises
 Inc.&amp;#146;s Board of Directors in February 2009
 Mr. Lipscomb is receiving 5% of the settlement payments

 2012
 Company has recorded a receivable of $2.5 million for the remaining litigation settlement and payables of $160
000&#13;and $116
233 related to remaining contingent attorneys&amp;#146; fees payable and amounts due Mr. Lipscomb
 respectively. The contingent&#13;consideration receivable of $5
479
241 and the royalty payable of $273
963 as of the settlement date were relieved as a part of&#13;the settlement resulting in a net gain of $5
745
895. The Company has expensed non-contingent expenses and fees associated with&#13;pursuing the settlement as those expenses and fees were incurred amounting to $333
176 and $165
251 for the years ended December&#13;31
 2012 and 2011

 2012
 the Company and other parties entered into a settlement agreement with Deloitte &amp;#38; Touche
 LLP (&amp;#34;Deloitte &amp;#38;&#13;Touche&amp;#34;) to settle all claims between the parties arising out of the case of WPT Enterprises
 Inc. v. Deloitte &amp;#38; Touche
&#13;before the Superior Court of the State of California
 County of Los Angeles (the &amp;#34;Litigation&amp;#34;). The claims in the Litigation&#13;were assigned to the Company as part of the Company&amp;#146;s distribution (spin-off) agreement with Ante4
 Inc. On November 1
 2012
&#13;after satisfying obligations to various parties
 including litigation counsel
 the Company received $5.4 million of net proceeds&#13;under the settlement agreement as its share of the settlement proceeds
 representing $9 million of settlement income and $3.6&#13;million of related legal fees. The parties agreed to stipulate to the dismissal of the Litigation and to a mutual release of all&#13;claims. The Company has expensed non-contingent expenses and fees associated with pursuing the settlement as those expenses and&#13;fees were incurred amounting to $37
758 and $35
315 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011


 April 16

532


117

335)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;11
343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(170

650)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: windowtext 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: windowtext 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;80
057&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: windowtext 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: windowtext 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(798
593)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Balance
&#13;    December 31
 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
472
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(323
600)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
148

398)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: windowtext 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: windowtext 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;23
169&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: windowtext 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: windowtext 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(440
229)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Balance
&#13;    December 31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
008
602&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(300
431)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5
708

361)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;26
468&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(502

479
241)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: windowtext 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: windowtext 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&amp;#160;273
963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: windowtext 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: windowtext 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(5
205
278)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: 9pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Balance
&#13;    December 31

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2010. Under FASB ASC 820-10-5
 fair value is defined as the price that would&#13;be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement&#13;date (an exit price). The standard outlines a valuation framework and creates a fair value hierarchy in order to increase the&#13;consistency and comparability of fair value measurements and the related disclosures. Under GAAP
 certain assets and liabilities&#13;must be measured at fair value

 quoted prices for identical or similar&#13;assets or liabilities in markets that are not active
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability&#13;(e.g.
 interest rates
 yield curves
 etc.)



417

417

748

748

417

748


401

401

401





417

417

748

748

417

748


401

401

401


&#13;LLC Revolving credit facility&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;On May&#13;2
 2011
 we entered into a Revolving Credit and Security Agreement (the &amp;#147;Credit Agreement&amp;#148;) with certain lenders (collectively
&#13;the &amp;#147;Lenders&amp;#148; and individually a &amp;#147;Lender&amp;#148;) and Prenante5
 LLC
 as agent for the Lenders (PrenAnte5
 LLC
 in&#13;such capacity
 the &amp;#147;Agent&amp;#148;). The facility provided $10 million in financing to be made available for drilling projects&#13;on the Company&amp;#146;s North Dakota Bakken and Three Forks position. The facility terms stated it would be available for a period&#13;of three years over which time we may draw on the line seven times
 pay the line down three times
 and terminate the facility&#13;without penalty one time. The facility set the minimum total draw at $500
000 and required the Company
 upon each draw
 to provide&#13;the Lender with a compliance certificate that
 along with other usual and customary financial covenants
 stated that the Company&#13;has at least twelve months interest coverage on its balance sheet in cash. We received our first draw of $2
000
000 on February&#13;24
 2012
 and subsequently repaid the balance plus accrued interest of $51
722 on April 12

 LLC Revolving credit facility&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;On April&#13;4
 2012
 the Company entered into a Secured Revolving Credit Agreement with Dougherty Funding
 LLC as Lender which was subsequently&#13;amended on September 5
 2012 with an Amended and Restated Secured Revolving Credit Agreement (collectively the &amp;#147;Credit Facility&amp;#148;).&#13;Under the terms of the amended Credit Facility
 up to $20
000
000 maximum is available from time to time (i) to fund
 or to reimburse&#13;the Company for
 the Company&amp;#146;s pro-rata share of development and production costs for oil wells that relate to the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;oil and gas leasehold interests for which there is a valid and enforceable Authorization for Expenditure and that are incurred&#13;from and after the date of the Credit Facility
 and (ii) to reimburse the Company for amounts that the Company paid from its own&#13;funds or from funds that it borrowed under its previous credit facility from Prenante5
 LLC as agent pursuant to the Revolving&#13;Credit and Security Agreement dated May 2
 2011 (the &amp;#147;Previous Credit Facility&amp;#148;). Of the $20 million Credit Facility
&#13;$16.5 million is currently available. If the Company has not successfully completed an equity offering of at least $10
000
000&#13;by August 31
 2014

 but not advanced
&#13;for the previous quarter. The Company must make payments equal to 90% of the Company&amp;#146;s earnings before taxes

 covenants
&#13;and events of default
 including
 subject to certain exceptions
 incurrence of additional indebtedness. The Credit Agreement requires&#13;that the Company meet certain conditions to obtain additional advances under the Credit Facility
 including providing certain&#13;documentation related to the Company&amp;#146;s oil and gas properties. The Lender has the right to approve advances for properties&#13;which are not held by production. In addition
 the Company must maintain available cash and specified cash equivalents in an amount&#13;that is not less than the greater of (i) $300

 2015. The Credit Facility may be prepaid with thirty (30) days written notice at any time. In&#13;connection with the amended financing
 the Company agreed to issue Dougherty Funding
 LLC warrants to purchase up to 900
000 shares&#13;of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock
 of which 585
000 shares have currently been issued
 at an exercise price of $0.38. The warrants&#13;expire on August 31

 2012 of $2
450
000
 and used $2
051
722 of the proceeds to repay and terminate our outstanding PrenAnte5&#13;revolving credit facility
 including interest of $51

 2012 and December 31
 2011


 LLC Revolving&#13;    Credit Facility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5
748

748

 2012 and 2011




 finance charges&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; color: black&gt;52
049&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; color: black&gt;14
872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; color: black&gt;PrenAnte5 Revolving Credit&#13;    Facility
 warrant costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; color: black&gt;304
788&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; color: black&gt;87
084&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; color: black&gt;Dougherty Revolving Credit&#13;    Facility
 interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;633

 finance charges&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;138

 warrant costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;12

193




 LLC Revolving&#13;    Credit Facility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5
748

748

    
    
    
    

 2010 (inception) the Company authorized 20
000

 2010 (inception) the Company authorized 100
000

 2012
 the Company reincorporated into the state of Nevada. In conjunction with the reincorporation
 the Company increased&#13;the number of authorized shares of common stock from 100
000
000 to 500
000

 2012
 the Company issued 577
025 shares of common stock in satisfaction of a subscription payable granted on March 22
 2012&#13;as part of a deposit on the purchase of certain oil and gas mineral leases
 which was subsequently terminated on June 1
 2012.&#13;The shares were non-refundable in the event that we decided not to close the purchase. As a result
 the $438
539 fair value of&#13;the shares was expensed on June 1

 2011 the Company&amp;#146;s Board of Directors issued 44
000 shares of restricted common stock to an independent contractor for&#13;investor relations services provided. The total fair value of the common stock was $43

 2011
 we closed on a Securities Purchase Agreement (the &amp;#147;Purchase Agreement&amp;#148;) with multiple accredited investors&#13;(the &amp;#147;Purchasers&amp;#148;) to sell 6
142
500 units (&amp;#147;Units&amp;#148;) at a price of $1.00 per Unit
 with each Unit consisting&#13;of one share of our common stock and a five-year warrant to purchase one-half of one share of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock&#13;for a total of 3
071
250 shares at an exercise price of $1.50 per share (the &amp;#147;Offering&amp;#148;). The Company may redeem outstanding&#13;warrants prior to their expiration
 at a price of $0.01 per share
 provided that the volume weighted average sale price per share&#13;of Common Stock equals or exceeds $2.50 per share for ten (10) consecutive trading days ending on the third business day prior&#13;to the mailing of notice of such redemption and provided that a resale registration statement with respect to exercise of the&#13;warrants is declared effective. Net proceeds to the Company from the sale of the Units
 after deducting selling commissions and&#13;offering expenses

 the Company issued warrants to the agents to purchase an aggregate of 307

 2011 a total of 12
000 options were exercised at various prices between $0.05 and $0.29 per share
 resulting in the receipt&#13;of total proceeds of $1

 2011 a total of 24
000 options were exercised at various prices between $0.05 and $0.51 per share by our former CEO in exchange&#13;for total proceeds of $7

 2011
 the Company acquired a total of 3
837 net mineral acres of undeveloped oil and gas properties located in Dunn County
&#13;North Dakota. In consideration for the assignment of these mineral leases
 the Company paid a total of $2
685
900 of cash and&#13;issued 2
302
200 shares of our common stock. The fair value of the common stock exchanged was $2
578

 2011
 the Company acquired a total of 116 net mineral acres of undeveloped oil and gas properties located in Mountrail and&#13;Williams Counties within North Dakota. In consideration for the assignment of these mineral leases
 the Company paid a total of&#13;$145
025 of cash and issued 55
689 shares of our common stock. The fair value of the common stock exchanged was $70

 2011 a total of 24
000 options were exercised at various prices between $0.05 and $0.51 per share for total proceeds of $7
800.&#13;The shares were subsequently issued on April 4

 2011
 we closed an asset purchase agreement with certain sellers under which we acquired the sellers&amp;#146; ownership interest&#13;in several mineral leases covering approximately 1
105 net acres of undeveloped oil and gas properties and 20 net acres of developed&#13;producing properties in Mountrail
 Williams and Burke Counties in North Dakota in the Williston Basin. In consideration for their&#13;assignment of the mineral leases
 we paid the sellers a total of $1
372
787 of cash and issued to them 871
960 shares of our common&#13;stock
 and issued an additional 400
000 shares of our common stock to an unaffiliated designee of the sellers. The fair value&#13;of the common stock exchanged was $1
933

 2011
 we closed an asset purchase agreement with certain sellers under which we acquired the sellers&amp;#146; ownership interest&#13;in several mineral leases covering approximately 732 net acres of oil and gas properties in Williams
 Mountrail
 Dunn
 Burke
&#13;Billings
 Golden Valley
 McKenzie and Stark counties in North Dakota. In consideration for their assignment of these mineral leases
&#13;we paid the sellers a total of $821
270 of cash and issued to them 205
050 shares of our common stock. The fair value of the common&#13;stock exchanged was $328

 2011 we acquired additional oil and gas acreage from three unaffiliated sellers in two separate transactions encompassing&#13;mineral leases covering a total of approximately 117 net acres in Mountrail
 Williams and Dunn counties in North Dakota for which&#13;we paid total cash of $215
975 and issued a total of 17
952 shares of our common stock. The fair value of the common stock exchanged&#13;was $29

 the Company relieved total liabilities of $183
015 from accounts payable incurred prior to our spin-off from Ante4
 Inc.&#13;on April 16
 2010. These liabilities were tested in the current year and determined not to be validly owed liabilities by Ante4
&#13;Inc. Our indemnification agreement pursuant to the spin-off terminated during 2012 and we no longer bear any liability for unclaimed&#13;liabilities. The original transactions did not have an impact on our statements of operations. As a result

 if it is to be implemented. If the reverse split is implemented
 the&#13;number of issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock would be reduced in accordance with the exchange ratio selected by the&#13;Board of Directors or a committee thereof. The total number of authorized shares of Common Stock will be reduced proportionately&#13;as a result of the reverse stock split and the total number of shares of authorized preferred stock will remain unchanged at 20
000

 among other things
 (i) better enable the Company to obtain a listing on a national securities exchange
&#13;(ii) facilitate higher levels of institutional stock ownership

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-top: windowtext 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-top: windowtext 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&#13;    0.53 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-top: windowtext 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-top: windowtext 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-top: windowtext 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;110%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-top: windowtext 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;0.4468&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-top: windowtext 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&#13;    44
681 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-top: windowtext 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;661&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-top: windowtext 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/04/12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Joseph&#13;    Lahti
 Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&#13;    0.53 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;110%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;0.4468&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;44
681&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;661&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;-&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;09/25/12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Kenneth&#13;    DeCubellis
 CEO&lt;sup&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
000
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&#13;    0.27 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;114%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;0.2316&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;31
294&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
651&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;-&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;09/25/12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;James&#13;    Moe
 CFO&lt;sup&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;500
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&#13;    0.27 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;114%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;0.2316&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;27
595&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
456&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;-&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;09/25/12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;sup&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&#13;    0.27 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;114%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;0.2316&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;313&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;17&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;-&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;08/31/12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Joseph&#13;    Lahti
 Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&#13;    0.31 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;114%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;0.2607&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;26
066&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
731&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;-&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;08/10/12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;150
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&#13;    0.28 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;112%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;0.2390&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;35
853&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
795&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;-&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;08/03/12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;150
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&#13;    0.40 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;111%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;0.3398&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;50
965&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
168&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;-&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-top: windowtext 1pt solid; border-bottom: windowtext 2.25pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
110
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-top: windowtext 1pt solid; border-bottom: windowtext 2.25pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$261
448&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-top: windowtext 1pt solid; border-bottom: windowtext 2.25pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;13


 CFO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;200
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;1.00&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;87%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.7352&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$147
039&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;29
408&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;4
901&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11/02/11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Joshua&#13;    Wert
 Former COO&lt;sup&gt;(3)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;133
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;1.00&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;87%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.7352&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;97
781&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;13
475&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
259&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11/02/11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&#13;    &lt;sup&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;1.00&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;87%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.7352&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7
352&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
472&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;245&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11/02/11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Morris&#13;    Goldfarb
 Former Director&lt;sup&gt;(4)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;1.00&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;87%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.7352&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;73
519&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12
253&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
451&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11/02/11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Benjamin&#13;    Oehler
 Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;1.00&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;87%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.7352&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;73
519&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;14
704&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
451&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10/26/11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Kenneth&#13;    DeCubellis
 CEO&lt;sup&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
000
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;1.00&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;88%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.7456&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;745
587&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;142
306&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;24
853&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;08/04/11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;sup&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;1.00&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;86%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.7436&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7
436&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
400&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;620&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;02/22/11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;James&#13;    Moe
 CFO&lt;sup&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;500
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;1.65&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;108%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$1.3661&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;683
070&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;185
769&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;180
256&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-top: windowtext 1pt solid; border-bottom: windowtext 2.25pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
053
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-top: windowtext 1pt solid; border-bottom: windowtext 2.25pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$1
835
303&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-top: windowtext 1pt solid; border-bottom: windowtext 2.25pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;400
787&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-top: windowtext 1pt solid; border-bottom: windowtext 2.25pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;219

 commencing one year from the date of the grant
 are exercisable for 10 years&#13;from the date of the grant and are being amortized over the implied service term
 or vesting period

 2012
 an amendment (the &amp;#147;Plan Amendment&amp;#148;) to the 2012 Stock Incentive Plan of Black Ridge Oil&#13;&amp;#38; Gas
 Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) became effective. The Plan Amendment allows for the one-time re-pricing and re-granting&#13;of stock options for certain option holders. The Plan Amendment did not alter any other terms of the Plan. Pursuant to the Plan&#13;Amendment
 certain officers and employees of the Company agreed to the cancellation of their current stock option agreements in&#13;exchange for new stock option agreements. Under the new stock option agreements
 covering 1
510
000 options
 each optionee&amp;#146;s&#13;original number of stock options remains the same. Kenneth DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer
 and James Moe
 Chief Financial&#13;Officer
 grants of 1
000
000 and 500
000 shares
 respectively
 remain the same and have a new exercise price of $0.27
 along with&#13;another 10
000 options granted to an employee. These options vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from&#13;the date of grant on September 25
 2013
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries thereof until fully vested. The total incremental&#13;fair value of the warrants in excess of the fair value immediately preceding the modification of the common stock options totaled&#13;$59
202
 and is being amortized in addition to the original fair value

 2012

 2012. The board granted an accelerated vesting term for the first 20
000 options&#13;that were set to vest on November 2
 2012
 and the remaining 80

 2012
 113

 2012
 466


 2012. A total of 60
000 options were exercised at varying prices between $0.05&#13;and $0.51 during the year ended December 31
 2011
 resulting in total proceeds of $17


149
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;8.73 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
391

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31

 option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions including&#13;expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&amp;#146;s employee stock options have characteristics significantly different&#13;from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
&#13;in management&amp;#146;s opinion the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its&#13;employee stock options. During the years ended December 31

 2012 and 2011 was $0.31
 and $1.16 per option

 December 31
 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
169
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 20pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;-0-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;-0-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 20pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;-0-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;-0-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 20pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
053
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1.16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 20pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(60
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(0.29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Balance
 December 31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
162
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 20pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;-0-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;-0-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 20pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(2
122
999&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1.14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 20pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
110
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-left: 20pt; text-indent: -10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;-0-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;-0-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Balance
 December 31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
149
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;0.58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Exercisable
 December 31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
391

909 and $710
740 from the amortization of common stock options during the years ended December 31
 2012&#13;and 2011



 Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-top: windowtext 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-top: windowtext 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&#13;    0.53 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-top: windowtext 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-top: windowtext 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-top: windowtext 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;110%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-top: windowtext 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;0.4468&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-top: windowtext 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&#13;    44
681 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-top: windowtext 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;661&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-top: windowtext 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;-&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12/04/12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Joseph&#13;    Lahti
 Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&#13;    0.53 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;110%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;0.4468&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;44
681&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;661&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;-&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;09/25/12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Kenneth&#13;    DeCubellis
 CEO&lt;sup&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
000
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&#13;    0.27 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;114%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;0.2316&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;31
294&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
651&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;-&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;09/25/12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;James&#13;    Moe
 CFO&lt;sup&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;500
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&#13;    0.27 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;114%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;0.2316&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;27
595&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
456&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;-&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;09/25/12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;sup&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&#13;    0.27 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;114%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;0.2316&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;313&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;17&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;-&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;08/31/12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Joseph&#13;    Lahti
 Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&#13;    0.31 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;114%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;0.2607&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;26
066&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
731&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;-&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;08/10/12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;150
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&#13;    0.28 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;112%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;0.2390&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;35
853&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
795&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;-&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;08/03/12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;150
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&#13;    0.40 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;111%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;0.3398&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;50
965&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;4
168&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;-&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,255,204)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-top: windowtext 1pt solid; border-bottom: windowtext 2.25pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
110
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-top: windowtext 1pt solid; border-bottom: windowtext 2.25pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$261
448&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-top: windowtext 1pt solid; border-bottom: windowtext 2.25pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;13


 CFO&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;200
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;1.00&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;87%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.7352&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$147
039&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;29
408&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;4
901&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11/02/11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Joshua&#13;    Wert
 Former COO&lt;sup&gt;(3)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;133
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;1.00&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;87%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.7352&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;97
781&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;13
475&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
259&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11/02/11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&#13;    &lt;sup&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;1.00&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;87%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.7352&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7
352&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
472&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;245&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11/02/11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Morris&#13;    Goldfarb
 Former Director&lt;sup&gt;(4)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;1.00&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;87%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.7352&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;73
519&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;12
253&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
451&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;11/02/11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Benjamin&#13;    Oehler
 Director&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;100
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;1.00&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;87%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.7352&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;73
519&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;14
704&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
451&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10/26/11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Kenneth&#13;    DeCubellis
 CEO&lt;sup&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
000
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;1.00&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;88%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.7456&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;745
587&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;142
306&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;24
853&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;08/04/11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Employee&lt;sup&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;1.00&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;86%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.7436&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;7
436&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
400&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;620&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;02/22/11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;James&#13;    Moe
 CFO&lt;sup&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;500
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;1.65&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;108%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$1.3661&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;683
070&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;185
769&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;180
256&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-top: windowtext 1pt solid; border-bottom: windowtext 2.25pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
053
000&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-top: windowtext 1pt solid; border-bottom: windowtext 2.25pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$1
835
303&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-top: windowtext 1pt solid; border-bottom: windowtext 2.25pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;400
787&#13;    &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=border-top: windowtext 1pt solid; border-bottom: windowtext 2.25pt double; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; padding-top: 3pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;$&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;219


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December&#13;    31


&#13;    December 31
 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
169

053


 December&#13;    31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4
162

122

110

 December&#13;    31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4
149

 December&#13;    31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
391

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2012
 we granted 585
000 warrants in connection with the amended Dougherty Funding
 LLC Revolving Credit Facility. The estimated&#13;value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model
 based on a volatility rate of 113% and a call option value of $0.2069
 was $121
054
&#13;and is being amortized over the approximate three year life of the amended facility. The remaining unamortized balance of those&#13;warrants is $108
190 as of December 31
 2012. The Company recognized a total of $12
864 of interest expense during the year ended&#13;December 31

 2011
 we issued a total of 3
071
250 warrants as part of a Securities Purchase Agreement with multiple accredited investors&#13;that purchased a total of 6
142
500 units at a price of $1.00 per Unit consisting of one share of our common stock and a five-year&#13;warrant to purchase one-half of one share of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock for a total of 3
071
250 shares at an exercise price&#13;of $1.50 per share. The Company may redeem outstanding warrants prior to their expiration
 at a price of $0.01 per share
 provided&#13;that the volume weighted average sale price per share of Common Stock equals or exceeds $2.50 per share for ten (10) consecutive&#13;trading days ending on the third business day prior to the mailing of notice of such redemption and provided that a resale registration&#13;statement with respect to exercise of the warrants is declared effective. In addition
 we issued warrants to the agents to purchase&#13;an aggregate of 307
125 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $1.00 per share to the Agents. Net proceeds&#13;to the Company from the sale of the Units
 after deducting selling commissions and offering expenses

 2011
 we entered into a Revolving Credit and Security Agreement (the &amp;#147;Credit Agreement&amp;#148;) with certain lenders (collectively
&#13;the &amp;#147;Lenders&amp;#148; and individually a &amp;#147;Lender&amp;#148;) and Prenante5
 LLC
 as agent for the Lenders (PrenAnte5
 LLC
 in&#13;such capacity
 the &amp;#147;Agent&amp;#148;). The facility provided $10 million in financing to be made available for drilling projects&#13;on the Company&amp;#146;s North Dakota Bakken and Three Forks position. The facility was originally available for a period of three&#13;years until it the Company terminated the agreement on April 12
 2012
 over which time we had the ability to draw on the line&#13;seven times
 pay the line down three times
 and terminate the facility without penalty one time. The facility set the minimum&#13;total draw at $500
000 and required The Company
 upon each draw
 to provide the Lender with a compliance certificate that
 along&#13;with other usual and customary financial covenants

 2011
 the Company issued to each Lender a five-year warrant to purchase a number&#13;of shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock equal to an amount determined by multiplying 500
000 by such Lender&amp;#146;s commitment&#13;percentage. The warrants vest on the earlier of the 1 year anniversary of the grant date (May 2
 2012) or when 50% of the LOC&#13;has been advanced
 and are exercisable until May 1
 2016 at an exercise price of $0.95 per share. The total estimated value using&#13;the Black-Scholes Pricing Model
 based on a volatility rate of 97% and a call option value of $0.7837
 was $391
872
 and was amortized&#13;over the three year life of the credit agreement
 and was accelerated to fully amortize the fair value as of the early termination&#13;date of the agreement on April 12
 2012. The Company recognized a total of $304
788 and $87
084 of interest expense during the&#13;years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011




463

463

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December&#13;    31

 option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions including&#13;expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&amp;#146;s employee stock options have characteristics significantly different&#13;from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
&#13;in management&amp;#146;s opinion the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its&#13;employee stock options. During the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011

 2012 and 2011 was $0.38 and $1.39 per option

&#13;    December 31

878

 December&#13;    31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
878


 December&#13;    31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4
463

 December&#13;    31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4
463


463

463


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December&#13;    31


&#13;    December 31

878

 December&#13;    31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
878


 December&#13;    31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4
463

 December&#13;    31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4
463


&amp;#160;&lt;i&gt;Income taxes
&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;which provides for an asset and liability&#13;approach for income taxes. Under this approach
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on anticipated future&#13;tax consequences
 using currently enacted tax laws



720
601&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(1
680

720

680



 2012 increased by 2.6% from 3.41% as of December 31
 2011
 to 6.01%. This increase in&#13;the effective tax rate is attributable to changes in the Company&amp;#146;s state apportionment factors in the current year. Due to&#13;the legal settlement amounts the Company received during the year being sourced to the state of Minnesota for income tax purposes
&#13;a larger percentage of the Company&amp;#146;s activity is expected to be apportioned to that state. As compared to North Dakota
 the&#13;other state the Company files tax returns in which has a corporate income tax rate of 5.15%



466

932

761&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;336

943&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;51

535&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1

387

321


630

731

192



646

945

258




732

012

 2012
 the Company has net operating loss carryover of approximately $6
015
738. Under existing Federal law
 the net&#13;operating loss may be utilized to offset taxable income through the year ended December 31

 based on the weight of available evidence
 it is more likely than not&#13;that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. The Company had recognized a valuation allowance reducing&#13;the carrying value of its deferred tax asset by $387
693 as of December 31
 2011. As of December 31
 2012 the Company has increased&#13;its valuation allowance by $86
124 to $473






466

932

761&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;336

943&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;51

535&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1

387

321


630

731

192



646

945

258




732

012





 finance charges&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; color: black&gt;52
049&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; color: black&gt;14
872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCFFCC&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; color: black&gt;PrenAnte5 Revolving Credit&#13;    Facility
 warrant costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; color: black&gt;304
788&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; color: black&gt;87
084&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; color: black&gt;Dougherty Revolving Credit&#13;    Facility
 interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;633

 finance charges&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;138

 warrant costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;12

193




720
601&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(1
680

720

680

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 administrative proceedings and litigation relating to matters arising in the normal course of&#13;business. The Company is not currently a defendant in any material litigation and is not aware of any threatened litigation that&#13;could have a material effect on the Company. Management is not able to estimate the minimum loss to be incurred
 if any
 as a&#13;result of the final outcome of these matters but believes they are not likely to have a material adverse effect upon the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;financial position or results of operations and
 accordingly

 if any

 2012 the Company had committed to AFE&amp;#146;s of approximately $1.1 million beyond amounts previously paid&#13;or accrued. Additionally
 The Company acquired a lease for mineral rights from the State of North Dakota on February 14
 2012&#13;for 110 acres or an 8.7% working interest in the Dahl Federal 2-15H well that spud on January 6
 2012. The acreage we purchased&#13;lies within the riverbed of the Missouri River and there is currently third-party litigation ongoing in the State of North Dakota&#13;pertaining to the state&amp;#146;s ownership claim to similar riparian acreage.&amp;#160; We have signed an AFE for the well and the&#13;operator has agreed to retroactively honor the AFE if the state is successful in defending its ownership claim. As a result we&#13;have not capitalized any of the AFE costs or recognized any sales from this well. Our proportion of the well costs
 based on the&#13;AFE and our working interest
 is approximately $800
000. The well started production on May 21
 2012. Had we recognized the revenue&#13;and expenses from this well we would have recorded approximately an additional $468
000 in oil and gas sales and $124
000 of production&#13;taxes and operating expenses for the year ended December 31
 2012. In the event the state is not successful in defending its ownership&#13;claim

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2013 the Company purchased approximately 800 net acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota and Montana. In consideration&#13;for the assignment of these mineral leases
 we paid the sellers approximately $416
283. Additionally
 through March 15
 2013 the&#13;Company sold 60 net acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota for proceeds of $199

 2013
 the Company granted a total of 762
500 common stock options to officers and employees
 including 400
000 options granted&#13;to Ken DeCubellis
 the Company&amp;#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 and 115
000 options granted to James Moe
 the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;Chief Financial Officer. All of the options vest annually over five years beginning on the first anniversary of the grants and&#13;are exercisable until the tenth anniversary of the date of grant at an exercise price of $0.56 per share. The total estimated&#13;fair value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model
 based on a volatility rate of 110% and a call option value of $0.4725 was $360

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2011
 we recognized a gain of $1

 2011 and December 21
 2011
 we recognized gains from settlements with vendors in the total amount&#13;of $36
151
 representing disputed billings amounts outstanding prior to December 31

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

 the market for which has very inelastic demand. Due to this
 we&#13;didn&amp;#146;t consider any purchasers to represent a material concentration to our sales for the years ended December 31
 2012&#13;or 2011

 we depend on our drilling partner operators to perform the drilling and other operating&#13;activities required for all sales of oil and gas. These operators are also responsible for remitting to us our revenue&#13;proceeds and billing us for drilling costs and lease operating expenses incurred. We had material concentrations of accounts&#13;receivable owed from two (2) and three (3) operators during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
&#13;representing 44% and 80% of total oil and gas revenues and 28% and 65% of total oil and gas accounts receivable as of&#13;December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 we had 66 and 24 gross producing wells
&#13;respectively
 and 2.30 and 0.68 net producing wells
 respectively. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 these two (2) and three&#13;(3) operating partners operated 38% and 46% of these gross producing wells

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

149
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;8.73 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.58&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
391

    
    
    
    
    
    





















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  






















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      



 accumulated depreciation








 net of current portion and allowance of $-0- and $878
650 at December 31
 2012 and 2011







      


      


      


      



 including $160
000 and $-0- of settlement payables




 related parties
 including $116
234 and $-0- of settlement payables



      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 $0.001 par value
 20
000
000 shares authorized




 $0.001 par value
 500
000
000 shares authorized
 47
979
990 and 47
402
965 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2012 and 2011



      


      


      


      






      






































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      









      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      





      








      


      

      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      



 including $160
000 and $-0- of settlement payables




 related parties
 including $116
234 and $-0- of settlement payables



      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 net of $526



      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      

      


      


      


      






      






      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      

      


      


      






      

      


      




      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      

      









      






      


      


      


      









      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      

      




      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      





 Plant
 and Equipment
 Owned



 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant



 Plant and Equipment


      

      




      

      

      

      

      




      

      




      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      


 Plant


      

      

      




      

      

      

      





 Oil and Gas Producing Activities


      


 Value



 Contingent Consideration



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Expirations in Period



 Options
 Forfeitures in Period



 Options
 Grants in Period



 Options
 Exercisable



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals


















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

839
963

731
225


        

618
145

422
150


        

422
150)
        


        
        

940
269


        

688

391


Total purchase and development costs
 oil and gas properties

094
646

097
035




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including capitalized costs and costs charged to expense
 in acquisition of oil and gas properties.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      











          

        
        


        
        
        


Shares Outstanding
 Beginning

162
000

169
000


        
        
        


        

122
999)
        


        

110
000

053
000


        
        

000)


Shares Outstanding
 Ending

149
001

162
000


Shares Exercisable
 Ending

391
002
        


        
        
        


Shares Outstanding
 Beginning
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Shares Outstanding
 Ending
        
        


Shares Exercisable
 Ending
        
        


        

909

740



          

        
        


        
        
        


Shares Outstanding
 Beginning

878
375
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

000

878
375


        
        
        


Shares Outstanding
 Ending

463
375

878
375


Shares Exercisable
 Ending

463
375
        


        
        
        


Shares Outstanding
 Beginning
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Shares Outstanding
 Ending
        
        


Shares Exercisable
 Ending
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including vested options.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        

193
278

956



          

        
        


        

722
        


        

049

872


        

788

084



          

        
        


        

324
        


        

531
        


        

864
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 broker
 and regulatory fees).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

788

314


        

552

827


        

417
340

401
141




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 banker's acceptances
 repurchase agreements
 government securities
 certificates of deposit
 and so forth) which are highly liquid (that is
 readily convertible to known amounts of cash) and so near their maturity that they present an insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally
 only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify as cash equivalents by definition. Original maturity means an original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example
 both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However
 a Treasury note purchased three-years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

    
    
December
    31
 2012
    
    
December
    31
 2011

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



        
        

    
    
Years
    Ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Purchases of oil and gas properties
    and development costs for cash
    
    
21
839
963
    
    
    
12
731
225
    

Purchase of oil and gas properties paid
    subsequent to period-end
    
    
2
618
145
    
    
    
2
422
150
    

Prior year purchase of oil and gas properties
    paid in current year
    
    
(2
422
150
    
    
    
    
    

Purchases of oil and gas properties through
    the issuance of common stock
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
940
269
    

    
    
    
58
688
    
    
    
3
391
    

Total purchase and
    development costs
 oil and gas properties
    
    
22
094
646
    
    
    
20
097
035
    





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if oil and gas operations are material to the entity and its subsidiaries' business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of the federal tax benefit (expense) thereon
 recorded during the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      















          

        
        
        


        

532
985

008
602

472
000


        

335)

361)

398)


Contingency consideration receivable
 fair value adjustment

650)
        
        


        
        

479
241)
        


        

472
000
        

008
602



          

        
        
        


        

000)

431)

600)


        

343

468
        


Contingency consideration receivable
 fair value adjustment

057
        

169


        
        

963
        


        

600)
        

431)



          

        
        
        


        

117
985

708
171

148
400


        

992)

893)

229)


Contingency consideration receivable
 fair value adjustment

593)
        
        


        
        

205
278)
        


        

148
400
        

708
171




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the acquisition date
 of potential payments under the contingent consideration arrangement including cash and shares.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (b)(3)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 41
 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

719

062


        

468

170


        

546

208


        
        

562




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 cost of goods sold or other operating costs and expenses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pension and post-retirement benefit expense or other labor-related non-salary expense. For commercial and industrial companies
 excludes any direct and overhead labor that is included in cost of goods sold.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      











          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies


Our consolidated
financial statements are prepared using the accrual method of accounting as generally accepted in the United States of America
(U.S. GAAP) and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).

Principles
of Consolidation
The accompanying
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the following entities
 all of which are under common control and ownership:



    
    
State
    of
    
    

Name
    of Entity
    
    
    
    

Black
    Ridge Oil &#38; Gas
 Inc.
    
    
    
    

Poker
    Interests
 LLC
    
    
    
    


&#160;Wholly-owned
subsidiary.

The consolidated
financial statements herein contain the operations of the wholly-owned subsidiary listed above. All significant inter-company
transactions have been eliminated in the preparation of these financial statements. The parent company
 Black Ridge Oil &#38;
Gas
 Inc. and subsidiary
 Poker Interests
 LLC will be collectively referred to herein as the &#147;Company&#148;
 or &#147;Black
Ridge&#148;. The Company's headquarters are located in Minnetonka
 Minnesota and substantially all of its operations are within
the United States.

These
statements reflect all adjustments
 consisting of normal recurring adjustments
 which in the opinion of management are necessary
for fair presentation of the information contained therein.

Segment
Reporting
FASB ASC
280-10-50 requires annual and interim reporting for an enterprise&#146;s operating segments and related disclosures about its
products
 services
 geographic areas and major customers. An operating segment is defined as a component of an enterprise that
engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and expenses
 and about which separate financial information is
regularly evaluated by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources. The Company operates as a single
segment and will evaluate additional segment disclosure requirements as it expands its operations.


In the
current year
 the Company separately classified debt issuance costs in the financial statements. For comparative purposes
 amounts
in prior periods have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation.

Use
of Estimates
The preparation
of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.

The oil
and gas industry is subject
 by its nature
 to environmental hazards and clean-up costs. At this time
 management knows of no
substantial losses from environmental accidents or events for which the Company may be currently liable.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents
Cash equivalents
include money market accounts which have maturities of three months or less. For the purpose of the statements of cash flows
all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents
are stated at cost plus accrued interest
 which approximates market value. Cash and cash equivalents consist of the following:



    
    
December
    31

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
513
788
    
    
    
474
314
    

    
    
    
903
552
    
    
    
926
827
    

    
    
    
1
417
340
    
    
    
1
401
141
    


Cash in Excess of FDIC and
SIPC Insured Limits
The Company
maintains its cash in bank deposit accounts which
 at times
 may exceed federally insured limits. Accounts are guaranteed by the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) and the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) up to $250
000 and $500
000
respectively
 under current regulations. The Company had approximately $917
340 and $402
952 in excess of FDIC and SIPC insured
limits at December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts.


Debt
Issuance Costs
Costs relating
to obtaining certain debts are capitalized and amortized over the term of the related debt using the straight-line method
 which
approximates the effective interest method. The Company paid $796
233 and $66
921 of debt issuance costs during the years ended
December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
 of which the unamortized balance of debt issuance costs at December 31
 2012 and 2011
was $657
702 and $52
049
 respectively. Amortization of debt issuance costs charged to interest expense was $190
580 and $14
872
for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. When a loan is paid in full
 any unamortized financing costs are
removed from the related accounts and charged to interest expense.



The Company
accounts for website development costs in accordance with ASC 350-50
 &#147;Accounting for Website Development Costs&#148; (&#147;ASC
350-50&#148;)
 wherein website development costs are segregated into three activities:



    
    
Initial stage (planning)
    whereby the related costs are expensed.




    
    
Development (web
    application
 infrastructure
 graphics)
 whereby the related costs are capitalized and amortized once the website is ready
    for use. Costs for development content of the website may be expensed or capitalized depending on the circumstances of the
    expenditures.




    
    
Post-implementation
    (after site is up and running: security
 training
 admin)
 whereby the related costs are expensed as incurred. Upgrades are
    usually expensed
 unless they add additional functionality.


We have
capitalized a total of $56
660 of website development costs from inception through December 31
 2012. We have recognized depreciation
expense on these website costs of $18
630 and $3
507 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.


The Company
recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities based on differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and
liabilities using the enacted tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to be recovered.
The Company provides a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for which it does not consider realization of such assets to
be more likely than not.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments
Under
FASB ASC 820-10-05
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted
accounting principles and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. This Statement reaffirms that fair value is the relevant
measurement attribute. The adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on the Company&#146;s financial statements
as reflected herein. The carrying amounts of cash
 accounts payable and accrued expenses reported on the balance sheets are estimated
by management to approximate fair value primarily due to the short term nature of the instruments.&#160;The Company had no items
that required fair value measurement on a recurring basis.

Non-Oil
&#38; Gas Property and Equipment
Property
and equipment that are not oil and gas properties are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over their
estimated useful lives of three to seven years. Expenditures for replacements
 renewals
 and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance
and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Long-lived assets
 other than oil and gas properties
 are evaluated for impairment
to determine if current circumstances and market conditions indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company has
not recognized any impairment losses on non-oil and gas long-lived assets. Depreciation expense was $24
206 and $14
043 for the
years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.

Revenue Recognition and
Gas Balancing
The Company
recognizes oil and gas revenues from its interests in producing wells when production is delivered to
 and title has transferred
to
 the purchaser and to the extent the selling price is reasonably determinable. The Company uses the sales method of accounting
for gas balancing of gas production and would recognize a liability if the existing proven reserves were not adequate to cover
the current imbalance situation.


The Company
records the fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation in the period in which the well is spud or the asset
is acquired and a corresponding increase in the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset. The liability is accreted to
its present value each period
 and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. If the liability
is settled for an amount other than the recorded amount
 a gain or loss is recognized.


The Company
follows the full cost method of accounting for oil and gas operations whereby all costs related to the exploration and development
of oil and gas properties are initially capitalized into a single cost center (&#34;full cost pool&#34;). Such costs include land
acquisition costs
 geological and geophysical expenses
 carrying charges on non-producing properties
 costs of drilling directly
related to acquisition
 and exploration activities. Internal costs that are capitalized are directly attributable to acquisition
exploration and development activities and do not include costs related to the production
 general corporate overhead or similar
activities. Costs associated with production and general corporate activities are expensed in the period incurred. Capitalized
costs are summarized as follows for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively:



    
    
Years
    Ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Capitalized Certain Payroll
    and Other Internal Costs
    
    
172
503
    
    
    
138
591
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
172
503
    
    
    
138
591
    


Proceeds
from property sales will generally be credited to the full cost pool
 with no gain or loss recognized
 unless such a sale would
significantly alter the relationship between capitalized costs and the proved reserves attributable to these costs. A significant
alteration would typically involve a sale of 20% or more of the proved reserves related to a single full cost pool. During the
year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company sold approximately 509 net acres for total proceeds of $1
893
649. During the year ended
December 31
 2011
 the Company sold approximately 123 net acres for total proceeds of $336
925. The Company assesses all items
classified as unevaluated property on a quarterly basis for possible impairment or reduction in value. The assessment includes
consideration of the following factors
 among others: intent to drill; remaining lease term; geological and geophysical evaluations;
drilling results and activity; the assignment of proved reserves; and the economic viability of development if proved reserves
are assigned. During any period in which these factors indicate an impairment
 the cumulative drilling costs incurred to date
for such property and all or a portion of the associated leasehold costs are transferred to the full cost pool and are then subject
to amortization.

Capitalized
costs associated with impaired properties and properties having proved reserves
 estimated future development costs
 and asset
retirement costs under FASB ASC 410-20-25 are depleted and amortized on the unit-of-production method based on the estimated gross
proved reserves as determined by independent petroleum engineers. The costs of unproved properties are withheld from the depletion
base until such time as they are either developed or abandoned.

Capitalized
costs of oil and gas properties (net of related deferred income taxes) may not exceed an amount equal to the present value
 discounted
at 10% per annum
 of the estimated future net cash flows from proved oil and gas reserves plus the cost of unproved properties
(adjusted for related income tax effects). Should capitalized costs exceed this ceiling
 impairment is recognized. The present
value of estimated future net cash flows is computed by applying the arithmetic average first day price of oil and natural gas
for the preceding twelve months to estimated future production of proved oil and gas reserves as of the end of the period
 less
estimated future expenditures to be incurred in developing and producing the proved reserves and assuming continuation of existing
economic conditions. Such present value of proved reserves' future net cash flows excludes future cash outflows associated with
settling asset retirement obligations. Should this comparison indicate an excess carrying value
 the excess is charged to earnings
as an impairment expense. We recognized $-0- and $2
392
742 of impairment costs during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
respectively.


Our revenue
is solely derived from oil and gas sales to various purchasers
 the market for which has very inelastic demand. Due to this
 we
didn&#146;t consider any purchasers to represent a material concentration to our sales for the years ended December 31
 2012
or 2011
 as we believe any of our customers could easily be replaced.

Since
we do not operate any of our wells
 we depend on our drilling partner operators to perform the drilling and other operating
activities required for all sales of oil and gas. These operators are also responsible for remitting to us our revenue
proceeds and billing us for drilling costs and lease operating expenses incurred. We had material concentrations of accounts
receivable owed from two (2) and three (3) operators during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
representing 44% and 80% of total oil and gas revenues and 28% and 65% of total oil and gas accounts receivable as of
December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 we had 66 and 24 gross producing wells
respectively
 and 2.30 and 0.68 net producing wells
 respectively. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 these two (2) and three
(3) operating partners operated 38% and 46% of these gross producing wells
 respectively.


FASB ASC
360-10-35-21 requires that assets to be held and used be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Oil and gas properties accounted for using the full cost method of
accounting (which the Company uses) are excluded from this requirement but continue to be subject to the full cost method's impairment
rules.

FASB ASC
310-40 requires that impaired loans be measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan&#146;s
effective interest rate or
 as a practical expedient
 at the loan&#146;s observable market price or the fair value of the collateral
if the loan is collateral dependent.

Basic
and Diluted Loss Per Share
Basic
earnings per share (&#147;EPS&#148;) are computed by dividing net income (the numerator) by the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding for the period (the denominator). Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number
of common shares and potential common shares outstanding (if dilutive) during each period. Potential common shares include stock
options
 warrants and restricted stock. The number of potential common shares outstanding relating to stock options
 warrants
and restricted stock is computed using the treasury stock method.

The reconciliation of the denominators
used to calculate basic EPS and diluted EPS for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 are as follows:



    
    
Year
    Ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted
    average common shares outstanding &#150; basic
    
    
47
789
225
    
    
    
42
882
772
    

Plus: Potentially
    dilutive common shares:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock
    options and warrants
    
    
272
014
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted average
    common shares outstanding &#150; diluted
    
    
48
061
239
    
    
    
42
882
772
    


Stock options and warrants
excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS because their effect was antidilutive were 7
513
709 and 6
047
375 as of December
31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.

Stock-Based
Compensation
The Company
adopted FASB guidance on stock based compensation upon inception at April 9
 2010. Under FASB ASC 718-10-30-2
 all share-based
payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 are to be recognized in the income statement based on their
fair values. Pro forma disclosure is no longer an alternative. Amortization of the fair values of common stock and stock options
issued for services and compensation totaled $1
288
448 and $753
860 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
including $438
539 and $43
120
 respectively
 of common stock valued at the fair market value based on the Company&#146;s closing
trading price on the date of grant. The fair values of stock options were determined using the Black-Scholes options pricing model
and an effective term of 6 to 6.5 years based on the weighted average of the vesting periods and the stated term of the option
grants and the discount rate on 5 to 7 year U.S. Treasury securities at the grant date and are being amortized over the related
implied service term
 or vesting period.


Effective
upon inception at April 9
 2010
 the Company adopted new standards for accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. These standards
prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position
taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. These standards also provide guidance on de-recognition
 classification
 interest
and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure
 and transition.

Various
taxing authorities periodically audit the Company&#146;s income tax returns. These audits include questions regarding the Company&#146;s
tax filing positions
 including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income to various tax jurisdictions.
In evaluating the exposures connected with these various tax filing positions
 including state and local taxes
 the Company records
allowances for probable exposures. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter
 for which an allowance has been established
is audited and fully resolved. The Company
 Inc. has not yet undergone an examination by any taxing authorities. The Company had
indemnified Voyager Oil and Gas (Ante4)
 however
 for any unrecognized liabilities which was limited to $2
500
000
 and terminated
on or about April 15
 2012
 subject to customary exceptions from these limitations. In July of 2011 the Internal Revenue Service
completed an examination of federal income tax returns of Voyager Oil and Gas (Ante4) for the years ended January 3
 2010 and
December 28
 2008. As a result of the examination we reimbursed Voyager Oil and Gas for their payments of $11
417 of federal taxes
and
 based on the federal examination
 amended state returns in California that totalled an additional $48
666 in state taxes.
In addition
 we reimbursed Voyager Oil and Gas for their payments of an additional $37
903 in California payroll taxes related
to an underpayment by Ante4 from 2010.

The assessment
of the Company&#146;s tax position relies on the judgment of management to estimate the exposures associated with the Company&#146;s
various filing positions.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements


Fair
Value Measurement
 the FASB issued Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820) &#151; Amendments to Achieve
Common Fair Value Measurement and Disclosure Requirements in U.S. GAAP and IFRSs (ASU 2011-04)
 which provides clarifications
regarding existing fair value measurement principles and disclosure requirements
 and also specific new guidance for items such
as measurement of instruments classified within stockholders&#146; equity. These requirements were effective for interim and annual
periods beginning after December 15
 2011. We implemented the accounting and disclosure guidance effective January 1
 2012
 and
the implementation did not have a material impact on our financial statements. For required fair value measurement disclosures
see Note 7.

Comprehensive
Income
 the FASB issued Comprehensive Income (Topic 220) &#151; Presentation of Comprehensive Income
(ASU 2011-05)
 which requires the presentation of the components of net income
 the components of OCI and total comprehensive
income in either a single continuous financial statement of comprehensive income or in two separate
 but consecutive financial
statements of net income and comprehensive income. These updates do not affect the items reported in OCI or the guidance for reclassifying
such items to net income. These requirements were effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2011.
We implemented the financial statement presentation guidance effective January 1
 2012. The adoption of ASU 2011-05 did not have
a material impact on our financial position or results of operations.


Balance
Sheet Offsetting
 the FASB issued Balance Sheet (Topic 210) &#151; Disclosures about Offsetting
Assets and Liabilities (ASU 2011-11)
 which requires disclosures regarding netting arrangements in agreements underlying derivatives
certain financial instruments and related collateral amounts
 and the extent to which an entity&#146;s financial statement presentation
policies related to netting arrangements impact amounts recorded to the financial statements. These disclosure requirements do
not affect the presentation of amounts in the balance sheets
 and are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after
January 1
 2013
 and interim periods within those annual reporting periods. We do not expect the implementation of this disclosure
guidance to have a material impact on our financial statements.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements
Not Yet Adopted
Various
accounting standards and interpretations were issued in 2012 with effective dates subsequent to December 31
 2012. We have evaluated
the recently issued accounting pronouncements that are effective in 2013 and believe that none of them will have a material effect
on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows when adopted.

Further
we are monitoring the joint standard-setting efforts of the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the International Accounting
Standards Board. There are a large number of pending accounting standards that are being targeted for completion in 2013 and beyond
including
 but not limited to
 standards relating to revenue recognition
 accounting for leases
 fair value measurements
 accounting
for financial instruments
 disclosure of loss contingencies and financial statement presentation. Because these pending standards
have not yet been finalized
 at this time we are not able to determine the potential future impact that these standards will have
if any
 on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\W-31A-#`P8U\W9F$U7S1B-65?83`S-%\Y
#`U





M830P
&-?-V9A-5\T8C5E7V$P
S1?.3`P-6
W





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


241!5$5$
M7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%1513/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@
M(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%15137U!A/]X.DYA

241!5$5$
M7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?3U!%/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?4U1//]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T]
241!
M5$5$7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?0T%3/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H







&-E;%=O<FMS




O4VAE970Q
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z
#I.86UE/@T*(`@

O4VAE970Q
M



M968]
&-E
M;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA
M;64^-E],:71I9V%T:6]N7U-E='1L96UE;G1?86YD7T-O/]X.DYA;64^#0H@


M($A2968]

M965T
34N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z








U]);F-O;65?5&%X97
\+W@Z






C




&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*


MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^-E]
:71I9V%T
M:6]N7U-E='1L96UE;G1?86YD7T-O



CDN:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K

O
M4VAE970S


O4VAE970S






T0B5V]R







M968]



M97)T:65S7T1E=&%I


M+U-H965T-#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@


:71I9V%T:6]N7U-E='1L96UE;G1?86YD7T-O
CPO




M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^.%]2
M979O;'9I;F=?8W)E9&ET7V9A8VEL:71I97-?/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z








O4VAE970T.2YH




U])








M830P
&-?-V9A-5\T8C5E7V$P
S1?.3`P-6
W
C=C9#1C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

#!C7S=F835?-&(U95]A
#
T7SDP
M





^+RH@1&\@


$56




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

3X\

3X\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]





L($EN8RX\





]


T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@5'EP93PO=&0^#0H@

]



T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D
M($5N9!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96,@
M,S$L#0H)3(P




]



BTS
3QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]



T1T;W`^27
@16YT:71Y(&$@5F]L


]

]


]



]




]
M




T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@










M-S4T830P
&-?-V9A-5\T8C5E7V$P
S1?.3`P-6
W

M='
O4VAE970P
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q

241!5$5$($)!3$%.0T4@4TA%1513(A54T0@)D\

]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#





T





M







]





]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C




C0L


]


]
T1N=6T^*#
L
S(U






M(0X-S@L-C4P(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$R(&%N9`R,#$Q+!R97-P

M/3-$=&]P/D1E8G0@:7-S=6%N8V4@8V]S='
L(&YE=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

]




]
T1N=6UP
M/C




]
T1N=6UP/C(Y+#`S



M0DE
251)15
@04Y$(%-43T-+2$]




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]


]

M

38L
C



M960@97AP96YS97

]
T1N





]
T1N
M=6UP/C
L



30U

M
RPY



T1T;W`^1&5F97)R960@=&%X

M

M1&YU;7`^
2PP
3(L

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97,\+W1D/@T*(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C$S+#@T

]
M


]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P

]

]




M('-T;V-K+`D,XP

#`L



]



M:RP@)#`N


S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
M


CDL.#0W+#(Q




RPR





C0L.#@U+#








M7S1B-65?83`S-%\Y


M

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]

]






M

M;7`^

]


]
M






]

@875T:&]R:7IE9#PO

]
T1N=6UP/C(P+#`P
M


]


]



M9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@




]
T1N=6UP/C$P


]
T1N=6UP






]
M
T1N=6UP/C0W+#0P


#!C7S=F835?-&(U95]A
#
T7SDP
#5C-S(W



]
T1R




S$L(#(P
M
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
M
C`Q

]

]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@-BPP
C(L-30P



]




]
T1P











M+#0T


3DL-C


]


Y
M


M96YT(&]B;&EG871I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

M86QI9VX]

]






]



]




]
T1N=6UP/C$L

M;7`^
2PW



2PQ.3
L




]


]
M





]


]

]


]



M;3XH
RPW





BPT
M.#(L

]


M;B!S:&%R97




T1T;W`^




]
M







M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W-31A-#`P8U\W9F$U7S1B-65?83`S-%\Y
M


T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O



M5$5-14Y44R!/1B!35$]#2TA/3$1%4E


]
T1T:#Y#;VUM
M;VX@4W1O8VL\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^061D


]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F5G:6YN:6YG($)A;&%N8V4L(&%M;W5N=!A
M=!$96,N(#,Q+`R
#$P/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M


W+#

]


RPP
M
C

M=&]P/D)E9VEN;FEN9R!86QA;F-E+!S:&%R97
@870@1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M

]
T1N=6UP/C
W+#
P
RPV
30\









M;7`^

]



M;7`^-BPQ-#







2!P97(@

]
T1N
M=6UP/C8L
30R+#4P


]



M;G

]


C(P/'-P








]




]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C0S+#$R


]


]


#(R/'-P







]


]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#0X
BPR-34I/'-P


S$L(#(P
3$\+W1D/@T*



RPR
M


]

M


]




]


SD\



]


T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G
@


]
T1N=6UP/C@T
M.2PY


N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D



L




]



M87






]




M
2PT


2PT


M+B`S
2P@
C`Q




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S$L-3@U+#@T
SQS

]

N(#
Q+`R,#$R/]T9#X-


]


]








]

M($-!4T@@1DQ/5U

]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


@1E)/32!/4$52



2PT




3DL-C






]











]






S/'-P

M




]
M









]
T1N=6T^*#8U
M-RPQ-C




M

]
T1N=6UP/C8L
#`X+#8P



]

]



T1T;W`^06-C
M;W5N='



]



]




#(X/'-P86X^


]



M

M;3XH
C
L


]


RPW





]
T1N=6T^
M*#(W




]
T1N=6UP/C$L


]

C$L.#
Y+#DV

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
BPW
M
S$L

]


]



]
T1N=6T^*#$R
M+#0W






38L
S4P+#`P
#QS


]


]




]




@


M



BPV
M




M259!3$5.5%

]
T1N=6T^


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D-!4T@@04Y$($-!4T@@15%5259!3$5.5%
@050@0D5'




]
T1N=6UP/C$L-#`Q+#$T



]








]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]


]





]



]



T1T;W`^0V%P:71A








;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\W-31A-#`P8U\W9F$U7S1B-65?83`S-%\Y

O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


M($9



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P









]
T1N=6UP/B0@


&-?-V9A
M-5\T8C5E7V$P
S1?.3`P-6
W
C=C9#1C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T

#!C7S=F835?-&(U95]A
#
T7SDP
#5C-S(W8V0T



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V


$5
13X-B`@(`@

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]


M/DYO=&4@


M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

'!X.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M8VEN9SH@



@44(@86YD($]4


M06YT934L($EN8RXI(AT:&4-B8C
30W.T-O;7!A;GDF(S$T.#LI(&)E8V%M

X.R!'87
L($EN8RXI











@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

'!X.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

'!X.R!T97AT+6%L



M:6QY(&]N(&$@:&5A9'
M=7`@8F%S:7
N($)E9F]R92!A('=E;&P@:7


M='







M
&-?-V9A-5\T8C5E7V$P
S1?.3`P-6
W
C=C9#1C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

#!C7S=F835?-&(U95]A
#
T7SDP
#5C



^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5
13X-


3(@36]N=&AS($5N

S$L(#(P



]





M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





T0G9F]N=#H@


M/CQU/E!R:6YC:7!L97
-F]F($-O;G-O;&ED871I;VX\+W4^/]F;VYT/CPO

@3F5W










38P.SPO9F]N=#X\







Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/]T





W!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E



M



M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





34E



W!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U


W!T.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


M





W!T
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



W!T.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



#L\+V9O




T0G9F]N=#H@

W!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M







T0G9F]N=#H@






@:&%V92!B965N(&5L:6UI;F%T960@:6X@

X.PT*

@
M=&AE(8C,30W.T-O;7!A;GDF(S$T.#LL(&]R(8C
30W.T)L86-K#0I2:61G
M928C

@87)E(&QO8V%T
M960@:6X@36EN;F5T;VYK82P@36EN;F5S;W1A(&%N9!S=6)S=&%N=&EA;&QY
M(&%L;!O9B!I='



#L\+V9O;G0^



L(&-O;G-I


38P.SPO





30V.W


M86P@:6YF;W)M871I;VX@:7


M+6EN9&5N=#H@

'!T



M





M.B`Q

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M





M


@;6%N86=E


@
M86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%T#0IT:&4@9&%T92!O9B!T:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L
M('-T871E;65N='



'!T+VYO

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@




@;F%T=7)E




T0G9F]N=#H@

`P(#`@,XQ-6EN
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@+3`N





M;6%T97


M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T($-A;&EB


M=#H@


M


M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q



M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C





M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




M
C`Q

38P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S


34E)SX\9F]N


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G

24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#AP=!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XL(%1I

M:61T:#H@
3(E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/]T

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

@


38P.SPO9F]N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D



T0G;&EN92UH

M(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@






T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q






T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT




2PT




Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D


34E



T0G9F]N

@3F5W(%)O



T0G
M9F]N=#H@











L(&UA
&-E960@9F5D97)A;&QY(&EN<W5R960@;&EM:71S+B!!8V-O=6YT<R!A


C4P
M+#`P
!A;F0@)#4P,PP




'!E


@3F5W



M
T0G9F]N=#H@




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L






C


M9`D-3(L,#0Y+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN($%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;B!O9B!D96)T

M87
@)#$Y

@96YD960@
M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P

M;B!A(&QO86X@:7



@3F5W(%)O;6%N





M(&EN(&%C8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:!!4T,@,S4P+34P+`F(S$T-SM!8V-O=6YT

Q-#@[(@F(S$T
M-SM!4T,-C
U
TU,8C


M97

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R
M:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q



M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

#L\





BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@







M9&5N=#H@

T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q



M:61T:#H@

M









M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V



2P@
C`Q
BX@5V4@:&%V


S`@86YD(0S+#4P-R!F;W(@=&AE('EE
M87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$R(&%N9`R,#$Q+!R97-P96-T

T0G9F]N=#H@

M


T0G9F]N
M=#H@





'!E
M8W1E9!T;R!B92!I;B!E9F9E8W0@=VAE;B!T:&4@9&EF9F5R96YC97
@87)E

M9&5S(&$@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@9&5F97)R960@=&%X(&%S



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H-


@3F5W(%)O



C`M
3`M
#4L('1H92!&:6YA;F-I86P@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3
M=&%N9&%R9'




M96%F9FER;7





M

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;&4]


M5&EM97


M(S
X.R!'87





M('5S:6YG('1H92!S=')A:6=H=UL:6YE(&UE=&AO9!O=F5R('1H96ER#0IE



L(&%N





M9&5N=#H@

'!T+VYO



@3F5W(%)O






M9V%S(&)A;&%N8VEN9R!O9B!G87


M97)V97


M)B

T0G9F]N=#H@

M

M=&ER96UE;G0@3V)L:6=A=&EO;G

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE





@86-Q=6ER960@


M:6%B:6QI='D@:7









M(S
T.RDN(%-U8V@@8V]S='
@:6YC;'5D92!L86YD#0IA8W%U:7-I=&EO;B!C


M:71I97


M.B`Q

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M

T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q












T0G;&EN92UH96EG

M

M


3$U




C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*





T0G9F]N


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M97


Q



24[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@
M.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

S@L


M.'!T)SXF(S$V


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G

#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T
M('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M


M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
3(N-'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL




T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

F4Z(#AP
M=<^)B











M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@




M(&)E='=E96X@8V%P:71A;&EZ960@8V]S='

M97)V97


M92!O9B`R


2PX.3


@;V8@)#
S-BPY
C4N





[








T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@







N(%1H92!C;W-T









@=&AE(&-O















2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q

'!T+VYO

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



M97





@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XZ(#!P=`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S




@:6YC=7)R960N(%=E


#$R


M;&4@87
@;V8-D1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$R(&%N9`R,#$Q+!R97-P96-T
M:79E;'DN($%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R




2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
M





T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4



T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@
M



3`M
S4M

M97


M;65T:&]D)W



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4




T0G

M;W5N=&5D(&%T('1H92!L;V%N)B


M



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@

F(S$T


M8V]M;6]N#0IS:&%R97







T0G9F]N=#H@



M4%

@96YD960@1&5C96UB
M97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
3$@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@
M
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q

@3F5W(%)O

M



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



M

M:6=H=#H@


M=#H@





C`Q
3PO9F]N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O


34P.R!B87-I8SPO9F]N=#X\

Q-C`[


M)SXF(S$V

34E)SX\


M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M;&4]

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R)3L@=&5X


M/C0R+#@X


M;&4]

M:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






38P

38P.SPO

38P.SPO9F]N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

T0G;&EN92UH

M(S$V

G/@T*




M.'!T)SXF(S$V








34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

34P

38P.SPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


#L@9&EL=71E9#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M:6=H=#H@


M=#H@









38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A

T0G9F]N=#H@





M('1H92!C86QC=6QA=&EO;B!O9B!D:6QU=&5D($504R!B96-A=7-E('1H96ER

M+#`T-RPS-S4@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(-C,Q+`R
#$R(&%N9`R,#$Q+!R

T0G9F]N=#H@
M



M-6EN)SXF(S$V





@
M-S$X+3$P+3

M=&EO;G



@;F\@;&]N9V5R(&%N(&%L=&5R;F%T:79E+B!!;6]R
M=&EZ871I;VX@;V8@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=65S(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!A



2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2P@

L
3(P









@3F5W(%)O






M+B!4:&5S92!S=&%N9&%R9'




M+6EN9&5N=#H@

'!T

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

30V.W


@=&%X


@








M;64@=&%X(')E='5R;G



@9F]R('1H96ER
&%M:6YA=&EO;BP@86UE;F1E9!S=&%T


N#0I);B!A9&1I=&EO;BP@



T0G
M9F]N=#H@




M86P@5&EM97









M;BP@5&EM97








L


M=7)E;65N=#PO:3XF(S$V
#LF(S$U
3L@26X@36%Y(#(P

M

M+E
N($=!05`@86YD($E&4E-S(A!4U4@,C`Q,2TP-DL('=H:6-H('!R;W9I



@;F5W(&=U:61A;F-E(&9O

M:7-C;&]S=7)E(&=U:61A;F-E(&5F9F5C=&EV92!*86YU87)Y(#$L(#(P
3(L



M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



38P.R8C
34Q.R!);B!*
M=6YE(#(P

M92`H5&]P:6
@
C(P*2`F(S$U

M;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE#0HH05-5(#(P
3$M







M(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G

T0G9F]N
M=#H@




M5&EM97



'!T+VYO

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I






@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]N(&]R
M(&%F=&5R#0I*86YU87)Y(#$L(#(P
3



M+6EN9&5N=#H@

'!T






#$R('=I=&@@969F96-T:79E

S$L(#(P
3(N(%=E(&AA



M(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G


M97





T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4




@0F]A

M9F]R(&-O;7!L971I;VX@:6X@
C`Q
R!A;F0@8F5Y;VYD+`T*:6YC;'5D:6YG

L(&9A

@8V]N=&EN9V5N




M.B`P(#`@

M

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

&-?-V9A-5\T8C5E7V$P
S1?.3`P-6
W
C=C9#1C#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

#!C7S=F835?-&(U95]A
M
#
T7SDP

3`N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$
$5

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S

]


]


T0G9F]N=#H@



@3F5W(%)O;6%N



T0G9F]N
M=#H@



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XZ(#!P=`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S
65A<G
@96YD
M960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
3$L('=E(&=R86YT960@=F%R



M

'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N
M=#H@




M5&EM97

3$L('=E(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!A(%)E

M

Q-#@[*2!W:71H(&-E


30X







'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M;&1F87)B+`T*;VYE(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B


M06=E;G0@=VET:!A(&-O;6UI=&UE;G0@86UO=6YT(&]F(0Q+C4@;6EL;&EO

@






#$V(&%T(&%N



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M87)G:6XZ(#!P=`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL



T0G9F]N=#H@







M($UE9&EA($QT9XL(')E8V]R9&5D(&]N#0IT:&4@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E=!A

2P@
C`Q





@:6X@


C
L

@
M96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P


2!I;B!R;WEA;'1I97
@=V5R92!R96-E:79E

M;7!A;GD@:6X@
C`Q
BX@07
@82!R97-U;'0@;V8@=&AE('-E='1L96UE;G0@



'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@
M




M('=H97)E('1H92!L97-S;W(@:7









@;V8@)#$L
30R#0IP97(@;6]N=&@L('!L=7
@8V]M;6]N(&%R96$@






M:60-F$@=&]T86P@;V8@)#(V+#4T-B!A;F0@)#$S+#(P.!T;R!T:&ES(&5N

Q+`R,#$R
M(&%N9`R




M87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R


#!C7S=F835?-&(U95]A
#
T7SDP
#5C-S(W



]
T1R




]



M97



M87

M

M;F0@;F5T('!R;V1U8W1I=F4@;VEL('=E;&QS(&)Y('-T871E(&%T($1E8V5M
M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R




Q-C`[


F4Z(#AP=<^)B

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q




Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT



6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\








M+6AE:6=H=#H@













\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

M=#H@


M96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
S@E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M;&4]

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\


24[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@
M.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N

3
E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

BXS



#L\+V9O

M

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-






M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M


M97

28C
30V
M.W



@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
3$L







T0G

M97



@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(-C,Q+`R

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^/&9O;G0@






#L\+V9O

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M97

M1&5C96UB97(@

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C





M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




M
C`Q

38P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

2PX


M





34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@






M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G


T0G9F]N





BPT
C(L

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

M.B`Q

@3F5W(%)O




38P.SPO

38P.SPO9F]N




M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M97


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


T0G;&EN92UH96EG

M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

#L\+V9O

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M5&EM97





\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

Y
3PO

38P.SPO9F]N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

3
N-7!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M;&4]


M8FQE.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M97

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O



M;BP@5&EM97







#$R#0I!8W%U:7-I=&EO;G
\+W4^

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X


C`Q


BPS
#8@;F5T(&UI;F5R86P@86-R97




#$R


M
30V.W



Q-#@[









M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M)SX\=3XR



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4


C`Q
BP@



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^/&9O;G0@


M;BP@5&EM97


#$Q#0I!
M8W%U:7-I=&EO;G

T0G9F]N
M=#H@



C`Q
2P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@

M97




Q

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@








C


@;V8@)#
S-BPY





M
&-?-V9A-5\T8C5E7V$P
S1?.3`P-6
W
C=C9#1C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

#!C7S=F835?-&(U95]A
#
T7SDP
#5C



^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5
13X-




]




34P.R!!

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



T0G9F]N
M=#H@





M;VYS(&]F($9!4T(@05-#(#0Q
TR,TR-2P@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@














M
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q

M;&4]



M4V5R:68G/EEE87)S#0H@(`@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@,S$L/]F;VYT/CPO






M

M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V


M:68G/C(P



3!P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF



M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V


24[
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


R4[



T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



M;&4]


7!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L






M




M/B8C

M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

#L\+V9O

G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


T0G;&EN92UH

M(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@






T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L





'!T.R!T97AT+6EN




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M9&]U8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G

RPY


M5&EM97





M)SXF(S$V


&-?-V9A-5\T8C5E7V$P
S1?.3`P-6
W
M
C=C9#1C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T

#!C
M7S=F835?-&(U95]A
#
T7SDP

M
3



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\

$5



#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F]T92`V(T@


T0G9F]N=#H@




38P.SPO9F]N





#DL#0IP=7)S=6%N

M='

S.#L@1V%S+!);F,N
M(AT:&4@)B




@9V%M:6YG(')E=F5N=64@86YD(#4E(&]F(&]T:&5R(')E=F5N=64@;V8@

@9V5N97)A=&5D(&)Y($%N=&4T)B









M
BP@



M87
@;V8@3F]V96UB97(@
BP@




M='



@86YD($5X



#$P+B!4



M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G







M=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M=#H@


M96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#AP=!4:6UE<R!.97<@



M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]




Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]







M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E






M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q




M

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF

3
E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


S(L.3@U


M)B

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G

3(E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N


M


M)B

M+6%L:6=N.B!T;W`[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF

3(E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H





M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

M





M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N



G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M;WEA;'1I97


T0G

S
U*3PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


T0G=F5R=&EC

T
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N







T0G


M=7-T;65N=#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!W:6YD;W=T97AT(#%P

M;&4]
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@



38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q




2P@
C`Q
#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@




'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I
M9GD[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I
F4Z(#AP=<^)B






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG

M

M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@


6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L

M
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@=VEN




7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


RPS.3@I


3$U



M)SXF(S$V


3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!W

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

@

M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M86QA;F-E+`T*(`@($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

Q-C`[

M.B!B;W1T;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


G/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M


38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG
M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

#L\+V9O

34E)SX\

F4Z
M(#AP=<^)B


M+6AE:6=H=#H@



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q



M9VAT.B`Q

@3F5W



38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG
M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q


M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N

38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF



M+6AE:6=H=#H@



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


BPX.3
I


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@

T0G=F5R
M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@=VEN9&]W=&5X



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O



7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L


Q
M-C`[

SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

M

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q






2P@
C`Q
M
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B

M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(&)L86-K(#(N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@

'!T+VYO

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I


M:W





L($-A;&EF;W)N:6$N(%5N

RXU(&UI;&QI;VXL(&]F
M#0IW:&EC:`D,3$L,#`P+#`P,!W87

M;GD@:6X@
C`Q
B!A;F0@=&AE(')E;6%I;FEN9R`D
BXU(&UI;&QI;VX@:7
@

S$L(#(P
3
N#0I);B!A






M-BXU(&UI;&QI;VX@=VET:!T:&4@86UO=6YT(&1E=&5R;6EN960@8F%S960@
M;VX@:&]W('-U8V@@;&5G:7-L871I;VX-FES(&5N86-T960N(%5N9&5R('1H






M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@


30V.R!F
M965S(&]F(0R(&UI;&QI;VXL(&]F('=H:6-H(0Q+C@T(&UI;&QI;VX@=V%S
M('!A:60@:6X@
C`Q
BP@87


N#0I);B!A9&1I=&EO;BP@87
@82!R97-U;'0@;V8@


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;&4]


M5&EM97


M97(@
S$L(#(P

M92!O9B`D


M
38L
C

M97ES)B
Q-#8[(&9E97






S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P



#L\+V9O;G0^


M1&5L;VET=&4-B8C,S@[(%1O=6-H92!3971T;&5M96YT/]U/CPO9F]N=#X\


M;&]I='1E(8C,S@[(%1O=6-H92P@3$Q0(@F(S

@8F5T=V5E;B!T









2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q


M96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G










]

M86QI9VX]



M

]


L








TU+!F86ER('9A;'5E(&ES
M(&1E9FEN960@87




@82!V86QU871I;VX@

@.#(P+3$P+34P(&1E=&%I;'
@=&AE(&1I


38P


M92!#;VUP86YY)B

M:71I97

M92!L979E;'





M.'!T)SXF(S$V




@870@=&AE(&UE

T0G9F]N
M=#H@



M.'!T)SXF(S$V







M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@,`S

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H-





T0G
M9F]N=#H@




M86P@5&EM97


@=&AE
M('9A;'5A=&EO;B!O9B!F:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='



M970@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(-C,Q+`R

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G





M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M9VAT.B`Q







M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@8V]L<W!A;CTS

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



M(S$V

M#0H@(`@,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

M.B`Q


34E



M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:6=H=#H@


M=#H@


M



M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V
6QE/3-$)W9E


T0G=VED=&@Z(#4R)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M)B

M)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



34E)SX\


24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R
M)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N


Q-3`[


M)SXF(S$V


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M;&4]



38P


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

#L\+V9O


34E





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G

#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


M9VAT.B`Q

Q-C`[

M



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M+6AE:6=H=#H@









M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`X









34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


38P

38P.SPO


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@



M+6AE:6=H=#H@




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G

#L\+V9O;G0^

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

T0G;&EN92UH96EG

M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M;&4]





T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

T0G

M.'!T)SXF(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

6QE

M(-#0T9&0T,G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U







M
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(&)L86-K(#(N


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O




M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

34P.SPO9F]N=#X\

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R
M:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q


M

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G


@870@
M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
6QE/3-$



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]







M/3-$


Q+C5P


M


3$U



M.'!T)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH

M(S$V



M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M5&EM97


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

2PT
#$L


#L\+V9O;G0^

38P



T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N

24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


34P.SPO9F]N=#X\

Q-C`[

M.B`Q

@3F5W(%)O


M;&4]


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


3PO

38P.SPO9F]N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T




M=#H@


M






M:68G/B8C

M/B8C

T0G=F5R=&EC

S(N-S5P=#L@;&EN92UH


34E



M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:6=H=#H@


M=#H@


M



M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN

M)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

Q-C`[


M9VAT.B`Q

@3F5W

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

34P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*




M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`X











M/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

#L\


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL




T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


T0G

M.'!T)SXF(S$V




M)B

M9VAT.B`Q

Q-C`[

M(&)L86-K(#(N


M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`X





M;W)M86P@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@



M86)I;&ET:65S(&)E='=E96X@3&5V96P@
2!A;F0@3&5V96P@
B!I;G!U='
@

M86P@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@



'!T

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

7!T+S$Q-24@0V%L

'!T



#!C7S=F835?-&(U95]A
#
T7SDP
#5C-S(W8V0T8PT*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)








T0G9F]N=#H@

M








M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



3$

'!T+VYO

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I






30X.RD@86YD(%!R

@*%!R96Y!











BP@
C`Q
B!W:&5N('=E('1E





M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








@;V8@=&AE(&%M96YD960@

C`L
#`P+#`P


Q





M;@T*9G5N9'


M($Q


BP@
C`Q
2`H

30X.RDN($]F
M('1H92`D

38N-2!M:6QL


#`-F)Y($%U9W5S=`S
2P@
C`Q



M.'!T)SXF(S$V


C4E(&]F
M('1H92!A=F5R86=E(&QI;F4@;V8@8W)E9&ET(&%V86EL86)L92P@8G5T(&YO


30V.W
@96%R;FEN9W



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\






@=&AE(')I9VAT('1O





@:6X@86X@86UO=6YT#0IT:&%T(&ES(&YO=!L
M97-S('1H86X@=&AE(&=R96%T97(@;V8@*&DI(0S
#`L



T0G9F]N=#H@









S@N(%1H92!W87)R86YT



M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M.B`Q


#4Q






M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@




M;W)M86P@5&EM97










M





M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:6=H=#H@


M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

6QE/3-$


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

M.B`Q


34E



M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:6=H=#H@



34E


3$
@4F5V;VQV:6YG
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C



M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S



#L\+V9O;G0^




M9VAT.B`Q

@3F5W

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\


F4Z
M(#AP=<^)B

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

F4Z(#AP=<^
M)B

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G


T0G9F]N





M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T9&0T,G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T0G;&EN

M)SXF(S$V





M9VAT.B`Q

Q-C`[

M(&)L86-K(#(N


M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`X





M;W)M86P@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@




2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q



M:#H@

M;&4]

M

M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G






Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]

M=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97




M:#H@-C@E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M


M





T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@







M/B8C

M

M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN

M)SXF(S$V











T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF





34E





T0G;&EN92UH96EG

M


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

#L\+V9O

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

@



M;&4]



T0G



T0G;&EN

M)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG

M


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT









M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M5&EM97







M:60[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O





Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M97



#$L.34V

M


M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

7!T+S$Q-24@

M




#!C7S=F835?-&(U95]A
#
T7SDP
#5C-S(W8V0T8PT*0V]N





]

M


]





#L@4W1O8VMH;VQD97)S)B
Q

#L\



T0G9F]N=#H@

M



C`L
#`P+#`P


L(%-E
'0M:6YD


M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



'!T

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

3`@*&EN8V5P=&EO;BD@=&AE
M($-O;7!A;GD@875T:&]R:7IE9`Q,#`L,#`P+#`P,!S:&%R97
@;V8@)#`N
M


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4




T0G

C`Q
BP@=&AE($-O




#`L
#`P+#`P


#L\+V9O


M3VX@07!R:6P-C,P+`R


#$R+@T*5&AE

3(@86YD(&ES('!R97-E;G1E


-F]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G,N/]F

M97





T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4


M
C`Q

30V.W




M96QA=&EO;G


RPQ
C`@8F%S960@;VX@



T0G9F]N=#H@




M


M


Q
M-#@[*2!T;R!S96QL(#8L
30R+#4P



30V.W
@8V]M;6]N










#L\+V9O;G0^







@=&\@

P-RPQ


30V.W
@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&%T(&%N(&5X97)C:7-E

M)B








C`Q
2!A('1O
M=&%L(&]F(#$R+#`P




T0G9F]N=#H@



3@L(#(P
3$@82!T;W1A;!O9B`R-PP




@3F5W(%)O



T0G
M9F]N=#H@





M+#DP
!O9B!C87-H(&%N9`T*:7-S=65D(#(L,S`R+#(P,!S:&%R97
@;V8@
M;W5R(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:RX@5&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@=&AE(&-O;6UO








30U+#`R-2!O9B!C









@3F5W



M
T0G9F]N=#H@



C`Q
2P@



M;F0@




M




M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V




M86EL+!$=6YN+!=7)K92P-D)I;&QI;F=S+!';VQD96X@5F%L;&5Y+!-

@:6X@3F]R=&@@1&%K;W1A+B!)


C$L







@86YD($1U;FX@8V]U;G1I97
@



M;W)M86P@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@


M:G5S=&UE;G1S#0IT;R!!9&1I=&EO;F%L(%!A:60@26X@0V%P:71A;#PO=3X\





M:&%V92!A;B!I;7!A8W0@;VX@;W5R('-T871E;65N='




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE




T0G9F]N

'!T+VYO

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I

2!T;R!I;7!L96UE;G0@82!R979E<G-E('-T
M;V-K('-P;&ET(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B

M:&%R97

M
30V.W
@8V5R=&EF:6-A=&4@;V8@:6YC;W)P;W)A=&EO;BX@3W5R('-T;V-K


38P




@=&\@8F4@:6UP;&5M



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^/&9O;G0@


M;BP@5&EM97







@=&\@9FEN86YC92!I='



M8V$L(%-A;G










]






T1T;W`^
M3F]T92`Q

]
T1T




M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
&EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M='
@86QL(&]P=&EO;G

38P.SPO







W!T)SX\9F]N





T1N;W=R87`@


M)B

M





M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]






M;W=R87`]









T0G



W!T)SX\9F]N



W!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT





M;'-P86X]






M;&4]


M:'0Z(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C





M-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([








M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([('!A






3(\+V9O;G0^



C`Q
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

C`T







7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U+C1P







M;&4]





3$P)3PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

T0G8F]R



7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+7)I

M(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]







T0G=F5R

T0G9F]N



3`P+#`P




W!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT






3$P)3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]





38P.R8C
38P.R8C





#0L

T0G9F]N



M;W=R87`]







M




#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]








#LD)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[








M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R



W!T









#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!N;W=R87`]








#LD)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[







M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R
M9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR




CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]









M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

T0G





M;&4]



M:'0Z(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


38P.R0F(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LP+C(S



M/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]




W!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT






2\Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M




86AT:2P@1&ER96-T



#`-B`@(`\+V9O;G0^

T0G



W!T

T0G9F]N



M:'0Z(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


M
2PW



#0L


M;&4]



M93H@.'!T)SXQ-3`L






#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]






#LD)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[











W!T)SX\9F]N

















M/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]







M:'0Z(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R







M(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]




#L\+V9O

M)B


#`-B`@(`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@



M;&4]






M87`]


Q-C`[)8C,38P.R8C,38P
M.R8C,38P.R8C,38P.R8C,38P.S$S+#$T,`T*(`@(#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]



Q-C`[



'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



@86QL(&]P=&EO;G

38P






W!T)SX\





T1N;W=R





M;3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

M




M/D)L86-K+5-C:&]L97











Q-C`[






M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]





T0G8F]R


T1N











T1N

T0G=VED=&@Z(#@E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!W:6YD












7!T('-O;&ED



M/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#DE

T0G





7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U+C1P=#L@

M)B
Q-C`[:6X-B`@(`R
#$R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&YO=W)A


7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U+C1P=#L@

M)B
Q-C`[:6X-B`@(`R











M(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]





T1N



M


M;&4]


W!T)SX\9F]N




38P.R0F(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LR.2PT
#@-B`@(`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@





3$O
#(O

M#0H@(`@5V5R=P@1F]R;65R($-/3SQS=7`^*#
I/]S=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO



S
L


M.'!T)SXF(S$V
#LD)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
2XP

T0G9F]N



M

M)#`N-S
U




RPT-S4-B`@(`\+V9O;G0^

T0G




PP,#`-B`@(`\+V9O;G0^/]T



38P.R0F(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LQ+C`P#0H@(`@/]F



M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([('!A






M+#
U

2PT-S(-B`@(`\

M;&4]


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C



3$O
#(O
3$\





T1N;W=R87`@




T1N




M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]





M(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]




W!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I










2\P
B\Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]









3`\










M:'0Z(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


M

M0T
G/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]








2PP
#`L


M
#LD)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
2XP
`T*(`@(#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT



W!T)SX\




30R+#


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`\=&0@;F]W

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([('!A9&1I

M.\P-\Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@







PP,#`-B`@(`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@



M/B8C
38P.R0F(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LQ+C`P#0H@(`@/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@


W!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I







M-#



2PT


M;&4]



#(O
C(O



M)SXU
#`L


#LD
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[



W!T)SX\9F]N







RPP-S`-B`@(`\+V9O;G0^

T0G

M(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H


PR-38-B`@(`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R('-T

M87`]




#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@







38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
M




38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

M






#LD
M
2PX
S4L



#LD)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q


BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L



38P.R8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.S(Q.2PP
S8-B`@(`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L93X-




M.'!T)SXF(S$V
6QE/3-$

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]D:78^#0H-







38P.SPO




#$R+!A;B!A;65N9&UE;G0@*'1H92`F(S$T-SM0;&%N($%M96YD
M;65N=8C
30X.RD@=&\@=&AE(#(P
3(@4W1O8VL@26YC96YT:79E(%!L86X@
M;V8@0FQA8VL@4FED9V4@3VEL#0HF(S
X.R!'87
L($EN8RX@*'1H92`F(S$T
M-SM#;VUP86YY)B
Q-#@[*2!B96-A;64@969F96-T:79E+B!4:&4@4&QA;B!!





N

L(&-O=F5R
M:6YG(#$L-3$P+#`P


M;W)I9VEN86P@;G5M8F5R(&]F('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G




#`L


3`L
M
#`P(&]P=&EO;G

M;B!397!T96UB97(@
C4L(#(P
3


@;V8@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@:6UM961I


M9R!A;6]R=&EZ960@:6X@861D:71I;VX@=&\@=&AE(&]R:6=I;F%L(&9A:7(@







M+6EN9&5N=#H@

M97!T96UB97(@-RP@
C`Q



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


#$R+!A;F0@=&AE(')E;6%I;FEN9R`X,PP
#`@=6YV


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M


-D-A;F-E;&QE9#PO=3X\+V9O;G0^/]P

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97



3(L(#$Q
RPS
S
@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G
@=V5R


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M



M;CH@






@3F5W

C`Q
B!O


'!T(#`[
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


M5&EM97

M('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(N($$@=&]T86P@;V8@-C`L
M
#`P(&]P=&EO;G

@
M8F5T=V5E;B`D


T0G9F]N
M=#H@








@

S$L(#(P

T0G9F]N=#H@


38P.SPO9F]N




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P




T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

-B`@(!5



M='1O;3H@
7!T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@

M

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([('9E

M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V

Q

M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX\





T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E.R!T



M8V5N=&5R.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M

M
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`Q



'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E
M<CL@<&%D9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@,7!T('-O;&ED)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M;3H@0FQA8VL@







7!T.R!V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`Q

M




'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@<&%D9&EN9RUB;W1T
M;VTZ(#%P=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@0FQA8VL@

'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@,7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F





M





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M





M.'!T)SXF(S$V


M/B8C
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#0L
C4U+#(P
M-DG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF

#
@+2`D
2XP
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

M;&4]

30Y+#`P
M





T0G9F]N


Y
2PP



T0G9F]N=#H@


38P.R8C
38P








M

M
3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@



'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^/]T9#X\=&0^







Q+#PO9F]N



Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('-T

M8VL@
F4Z(#AP=<^)B






M8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@R
#0L
C4U+#(P-DG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E)SX\9F]N



38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3
E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3


M









T0G







#0L
C4U+#(P
M-DG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\

Q


#L\





M;&4]


T0G9F]N









@:&%V



M86YA9V5M96YT)B

@





T0G9F]N=#H@


M/B8C

'!T(#`[
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ

@870@=&AE(&-U








'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


M(S$V



M

B!S='EL93TS


M)B

38P.SPO

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^/&9O






38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


F4Z(#AP=<^

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\







T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N









M;&4]









'!T.R!T97AT+6EN

6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G


38P.SPO


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N


M

@
M9W)A;G1E9#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I




Q


#L\



M8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@R
#0L
C4U+#(P-DG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T

M:6YD96YT.B`M

M/D]P=&EO;G

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T







Q-C`[

7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N

M0F%L86YC92P@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S



M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


2XP
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L


M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR
#0I)SX-


















BPQ




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT



M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR
#0I)SX-B`@(`\












Q-C`[

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[('!A9&1I;F<M;&5F=#H@
M
C!P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
&5R8VES960\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


M(S$V

M;&4]



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED




T\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\





Q+`R,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@
M.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@

30Y+#`P
3PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M)SXF(S$V

Q



F4Z(#AP=<^
6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*



M

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]






#L\+V9O;G0^




M;&4]





2P@
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@

M(S$V



Y
2PP


M;&4]

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B


6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R+C5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG

38P

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G
'!E;G-E9`D.#0Y+#DP



M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W-31A-#`P8U\W9F$U7S1B-65?83`S-%\Y
M


T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


M86QI9VX]


T0G9F]N=#H@


M=&4-C$Q(8C



M.'!T)SXF(S$V



M

C`Q
B!787)R86YT










3





S$L(#(P

T0G9F]N=#H@




M;&4]


T0G9F]N=#H@

M




@87


M('-H87)E(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B

M(&$@=&]T86P@;V8@
RPP-S$L




M(&%G9W)E9V%T92!O9B`S


M
30V.W


M:7(@=F%L=64@8F%S:7

T0G9F]N
M=#H@




M5&EM97


M:6YG($-R961I=!A;F0@4V5C=7)I='D@06=R965M96YT(AT:&4@)B


@

M;F1I=FED=6%L;'D@82`F(S$T-SM

M($Q
0RP@:6X-G-U8V@@8V%P86-I='DL('1H92`F(S$T-SM!9V5N=8C
30X





M($-O;7!A;GD@:&%D(&%T(&QE87-T('1W96QV92!M;VYT:'


T0G9F]N=#H@







M:&%R97


#`L
M
#`P(&)Y('-U8V@@3&5N9&5R)B






M=&]T86P@;V8@)#



M97







M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



3(@;W(@
C`Q
M




M='


M

M5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N
M=#H@




#$R(&%N

M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^


M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^/&9O;G0@


M;BP@5&EM97






T0W('-T

M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:&%R97
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E

M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V



M






M




M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G

#L\+V9O;G0^

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T



T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT
M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I


38P.SPO9F]N


:69E/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M





M(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M









6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



M.'!T)SXF(S$V


M;&4]

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M)B




3$U



34E



L
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@

M.'!T)SXF(S$V


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97





6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G




T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@

M9W)A;G0@:7
@97-T:6UA=&5D(&]N('1H92!D871E(&]F(&=R86YT('5S:6YG

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;&4]









M

38P

B!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S



T0G

M.'!T)SXF(S$V


M/C(P

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

#L\

3$\+V9O;G0^



M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M;&4]

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3
E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@

XS,B4\+V9O;G0^/]T



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U


3(E.R!T97AT+6%L


2XY



34E)SX\9F]N



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G

#L\+V9O;G0^

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M97








34E)SX\


T0G;&EN

M)SXF(S$V

G





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF






#LF(S$V
#L\




M86)L92X@26X@861D:71I;VXL(&]P=&EO;B!V86QU871I;VX@;6]D96QS(')E



30V.W
















M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@











M(S$V

T0G

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M+6AE:6=H=#H@















34E)SX\9F]N




M


M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


M:6=H=#H@


M=#H@


M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

F4Z(#AP
M=<^)B



M:6=H=#H@





T0G;&EN92UH96EG

M


38P.SPO9F]N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#(E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N

24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

38P.SPO9F]N

Q







'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
'!T)SX\





F4Z(#AP=<^)B

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

F4Z(#AP
M=<^)B

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

#L\




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



Q


'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,3!P
M=<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT






38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M96YT.B`M


38P.SPO


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@



M:6=H=#H@


M=#H@







M/B8C

T0G=F5R=&EC

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

Q

M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

#L\

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G

#L\+V9O;G0^

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T




M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

#L\



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C


M9VAT.B`Q




M

M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V



M:6=H=#H@


M=#H@


M




34E)SX\9F]N



T0G

'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:6=H=#H@




XS.#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U









T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@








T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


34E)SX\






T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


T0G;&EN

M)SXF(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@




6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y
M;&4]



T0G





Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


34E)SX\9F]N



34E






T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


T0G

M.'!T)SXF(S$V




M

38P

T0G9F]N
M=#H@








BX@3W1H


]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#


]

34P.PT*3W1H97(@26YC;VUE

M97




@

6QE/3-$

C@L(#(P
3$L('=E(')E
M8V]G;FEZ960@82!G86EN(&]F(0Q+#DR-!R96QA=&5D('1O('1H92!S86QE







S8L
M



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

#!C
M7S=F835?-&(U95]A
#
T7SDP







]

T1)1#!%3$4^#0H@

]








'!T

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT



M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


@




M;G





@;V8@87-S971S#0IA;F0@;&EA
M8FEL:71I97

M86P@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@




2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2!C;VYS:7-T960@;V8@=&AE(&9O


#L\+V9O;G0^


M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SX\9F]N=!S



Q+#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO




Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@



M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q



Q








M









6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



3
E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N


RPW
C`L


M.'!T)SXF(S$V

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M.B`Q

@3F5W(%)O

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

#L\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$U








M9&]U8FQE.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#(N

#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@






M9&]U8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G



'!T

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


65A<G
@96YD
M960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P


T0G9F]N=#H@
M






T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L
M(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q









2P\+V9O;G0^



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*





T0G9F]N






C`Q

M/B8C

T0G=F5R=&EC








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S



#L\+V9O;G0^


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


24G/CQF



Q-C`[

M

F4Z(#AP=<^)B
Q

M.B`Q
F4Z(#AP


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT




M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q




M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


T0G;&EN92UH

M(S$V



M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I
F4Z(#AP=<^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT




M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q



#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G9F]N



M.B`Q

6QE



T0G;&EN92UH96EG

M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR






T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

W)3PO9F]N
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P





M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@

30V.W





M
30V.W
@86-T:79I='D@:7
@97AP96-T960@=&\@8F4@87!P;W)T:6]N960@



M-2XQ-24L('1H92!S=&%T92!O9B!-:6YN97-O=&$@:&%S(&$@.2XX
4-F-O

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE




T0G9F]N

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M:6YG/3-$




M/B8C

M


T0G;&EN

M)SXF(S$V

M:6=H=#H@


M=#H@





C`Q
CPO9F]N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M

T0G;&EN92UH

M(S$V



M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@


24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M97



Q


M.'!T)SXF(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@







M;&4]


T0G

M.'!T)SXF(S$V



S
M-BPR


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



M)B

M9VAT.B`Q

Q-C`[

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

2PT-C0\+V9O


M





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


U/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH

2PT.3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T9&0T,G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M.B`Q




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SX\




@3F5W(%)O;6%N




T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A
M;G
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G

#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

#L\

T0G;&EN92UH

M(S$V


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-C@E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97






M
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`X



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M


24[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

@



2PS
C$\+V9O;G0^

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0G9F]N





M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T




T0G;&EN


38P



34E)SX\9F]N


T0G





M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`X


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G

T0G



T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*




34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

Q-C`[


M9VAT.B`Q

@3F5W


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM













38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


RPX


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


34E)SX\





T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@





M86-K(#(N
C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M5&EM97

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4




T0G


34L-S


@;6%Y(&)E('5T:6QI

#



M:6X@
C`S

'!T

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



M8V4@:7




M(')E8V]G;FEZ960@82!V86QU871I;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E(')E9'5C:6YG#0IT


S@W+#8Y

2P@
C`Q
2X@07
@;V8@1&5C
M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&%S(&EN8W)E87-E9`T*:71S










38P.SPO

@
M5&]P:6

M97


@87
@;V8@86YY(&1A=&4@;VX@;W(@8F5F
M;W)E($1E8V5M8F5R(#





M


#!C7S=F835?-&(U95]A
#
T7SDP
#5C


]
M

T1)1#!%3$4^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



M(T@,30N($-O;6UI=&UE;G1S(&%N9!#;VYT:6YG96YC:65S/]T9#X-B`@

'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;CH@


#L\+V9O





@8G5T(&)E;&EE


@8F5E;B!R96-O

'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@
M




@870@8F%N:W
@:6X@97AC97-S(&]F(&9E9&5R





M97

M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;6UI='






3`@86-R97
@;W(@86X@.XW)2!W;W)K:6YG
M(&EN=&5R97-T(&EN('1H92!$86AL($9E9&5R86P@,BTQ-4@@=V5L;!T:&%T












@86YD(&]P97)A=&EN

S$L(#(P
M








3(@

S$L(#(P





34P.R!3


M=#H@







34L(#(P
3


M)#0Q-BPR.#

C`Q
M

!N970@86-R97,@;V8@;VEL(&%N9!G
M87



M


BPU
#`@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]P
M=&EO;G


M

M
3$U+#`P


30V.W
-D-H:65F($9I;F%N8VEA;!/9F9I8V5R+B!!;&P@;V8@
M=&AE(&]P=&EO;G



@4')I8VEN9R!-;V1E

S8P+#
P-PT*86YD




#!C7S=F835?-&(U95]A
#
T7SDP
#5C-S(W



]
T1R



]



M



T1T;W`^0F%S
M:7

@3F5W(%)O

T0G


M97



@

]




M+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q




W!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R)3L@
M<&%D9&EN9RUT;W`Z(#-P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@


30E

W!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

@






#L\+V9O


M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O

W!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q





T0G
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#AP=!4:6UE<R!.



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q







6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#AP=!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XL


M.B`Q



M/B8C

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



6QE

38P.U=H;VQL


M(S$V

M='
@:&5R96EN(&-O;G1A:6X@=&AE(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@;V8@=&AE('=H;VQL


M('-T871E;65N='







L(%-E
'0M:6YD


M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ


]
T1R;SX-
















@87
@82!S:6YG;&4-G-E
M9VUE;G0@86YD('=I;&P@979A;'5A=&4@861D:71I;VYA;!S96=M96YT(&1I

@:71S(&]P97)A
M=&EO;G


]



T0G9F]N
M=#H@










M;BP@5&EM97









M)B

T0G9F]N=#H@

M








@9F]R('=H:6-H('1H92!#;VUP86YY


M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@,`P+C$U:6X[('1E


M17%U:79A;&5N='

T0G9F]N
M=#H@





M97%U:79A;&5N='



@8V]N


L
'0M





M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



M96UB97(-B`@(`S

T0G;&EN

M)SXF(S$V



T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]



T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

F4Z(#AP=<^
M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#$Q

M


M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-&1D-#)SX-B`@(`\=&0@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#8X)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT






M:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M.B`Q



T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97









M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L


M+#4U

38P

38P.SPO


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@



T0G;&EN

M)SXF(S$V

G


M;&4]


M8FQE.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M





M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN

F4Z(#AP=<^)B



M;VYT.B`Q

&-E<W
@;V8@1D1)0R!A;F0-E-)4$,@26YS=7)E9!
M:6UI='

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@




N($%C8V]U;G1S(&%R

M



2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
M
C`Q





]





\

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X




M-C8L.3(Q(&]F(&1E8G0@:7-S=6%N8V4@8V]S='
@9'5R:6YG('1H92!Y96%R

S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P



2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
M





M0V]S='


30W.T%C8V]U


'!T+VYO

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q

M97)I9CL@=VED=&@Z(#$P


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#AP=!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

M;&4]
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#AP=!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XL(%1I

M;W)M86P@5&EM97


38P


T0G


M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



'!E;G-E9!O<B!C87!I=&%L:7IE9!D97!E;F1I;F<@;VX@




M/B8C


M;&4]


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;BP@5&EM97







#$R+B!792!H

M('=E8G-I=&4@8V]S='
@;V8@)#$X+#8S



]



M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M:7
@;V8@87-S971S(&%N9`T*;&EA8FEL:71I97



@82!V86QU



]









M5&AE(&%D;W!T:6]N(&]F('1H:7



@



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F]N+4]I;`F
M86UP.R!'87


M86P@5&EM97















M;W-S97

2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
M





M
T0G9F]N=#H@





@

@=&AE



]

]


L



M92!P97)I;V0@:6X@=VAI8V@@=&AE('=E;&P@:7







M5&AE($-O;7!A;GD-F9O;&QO=W,@=&AE(&9U;&P@8V]S=!M971H;V0@;V8@


@87)E(&EN:71I

M(S






M;&]R871I;VX@86YD(&1E=F5L;W!M96YT(&%C=&EV:71I97
@86YD(&1O(&YO

M97



T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P
M=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q
#`E


T0G;&EN92UH

M(S$V



M

M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V


M:68G/C(P

T0G;&EN92UH96EG

M

3$\+V9O



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#(E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G

24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S

M4V5R:68G/C$W
BPU
#

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S




24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q



M9VAT.B`Q



F4Z
M(#AP=<^)B

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q



#L\+V9O;G0^

F4Z(#AP=<^)B




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M








M;&4]


M8FQE.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M











M8V%L;'D@:6YV;VQV92!A('-A;&4@;V8@




R!N970@86-R97
@9F]R('1O=&%L('!R


M82!Q=6%R=&5R;'D@8F%S:7


[#0ID



M96AO;&0@8V]S='


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;&4]


M5&EM97


M8V]S='












-





@87
@;V8@=&AE




B!O9B!I;7!A:7)M96YT(&-O

@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@
M86YD(#(P

]
T1R93X-


M0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;G

T0G
M9F]N=#H@






L('=E#0ID:61N)B


M8V5M8F5R(#


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

Q

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X






@;W5R(')E=F5N=64-G!R;V-E961S(&%N9!B


M=')A=&EO;G
@;V8@86-C;W5N='

M;R`H

2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q



M
2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q


2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q


L#0IR97-P96-T:79E;'DL(&%N9`R+C,P(&%N9`P




-C,V,TQ





M:6-H('1H92!#;VUP86YY('5S97







-C,Q,TT

M;V%N(&ES(&-O;&QA=&5R86P@9&5P96YD96YT+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^/'-P86X^



M5&EM97








M97







M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R



3`P

T0G
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S



S$L

M



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G

M.'!T)SXF(S$V


M/C(P

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

#L\

3$\+V9O;G0^



M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M


24[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M

6QE







M;&4]

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

#L\

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G

#L\+V9O;G0^



M)B

M9VAT.B`Q






M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M5&EM97

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\


M;&4]
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#AP=!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XL(%1I

M97

Q-3`[(&1I;'5T960\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L

M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


T0G;&EN92UH96EG

M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


34E





#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L







3
L-S`Y(&%N



]




T0G9F]N=#H@




M





@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
M
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P

M(&]P=&EO;G


@86YD('1H92!S=&%T960@




M;VYT.B`Q




T0G9F]N=#H@



C`Q





M;'1I97


M(S$V



@:6YC;'5D92!Q=65S=&EO;G

M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B

L(&EN

M(&5S=&%B;&ES:&5D+`T*:7




@*$%N

M97
@=VAI8V@@=V%S(&QI;6ET960@=&\@)#(L-3`P+#`P


N
M($EN($IU;'D@;V8@
C`Q
2!T:&4@26YT97)N86P@4F5V96YU92!397)V:6-E

#$P(&%N9`T*1&5C96UB
M97(@
C@L(#(P


2PT


#




Q-C`[

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X


30V.W
@=&%X



30V.W


]

]






Q-C`[

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@

M


38P
M.R8C
34Q.R!);B!-87D@
C`Q
2P@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($9A:7(@5F%L


M4W
@*$%352`R


M;G




L#0IS964@3F]T92`W+CPO9F]N



M4U4@
C`Q

M;V8@=&AE(&-O;7!O;F5N='
@;V8@;F5T(&EN8V]M92P@=&AE(&-O;7!O;F5N
M='


@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N




C`Q


M
3$M







6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0O;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



3$M
3$I+!W:&EC:!R

M;65N='

M8V5R=&%I;B!F:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='
@86YD(')E;&%T960@8V]L
M;&%T97)A;!A;6]U;G1S+!A;F0@=&AE(&5X=&5N=!T;R!W:&EC:!A;B!E


@9&\-FYO=!A
M9F9E8W0@=&AE('!R97-E;G1A=&EO;B!O9B!A;6]U;G1S(&EN('1H92!B86QA

M
2P@
C`Q



M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^


M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M:&%T(&%R92!E9F9E8W1I=F4@:6X@
C`Q
R!A;F0@8F5L:65V92!T:&%T(&YO





M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

M92!J;VEN=!S=&%N9&%R9US971T:6YG(&5F9F]R='
@;V8@=&AE($9I;F%N

M;B`R


L

M=!T:&ES('1I;64@=V4@87)E(&YO=!A8FQE('1O(&1E=&5R;6EN92!T:&4@








]




M;&5N='

M

M
F4Z
M(#AP=<^)B

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q








Q+#PO

38P.SPO9F]N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
F4Z(#AP=<^)B

34E)SX\9F]N



Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F





M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
B4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#AP=!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XL

3
E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



#L\+V9O



M;&4]



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q









M




M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T9&0T,G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@
3
N-7!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


38P.SPO

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF




2PT
#$L




T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q












T0G;&EN92UH

M(S$V

M=#H@


M





C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M5&EM97


M)B




24[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M


M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

#L\+V9O

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(S$U


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
3(N-'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S





T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I






]








M)B

M9VAT.B`Q

S$L/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


M


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT








6QE/3-$)W9E

M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#(E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N

24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT



M
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#AP=!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XL(%1I;65S

M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:6=H=#H@





M

M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V

T0G=&5X


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@




6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#AP=!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


38P



34E)SX\9F]N


T0G

M.'!T)SXF(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

6QE




Q-3`[(&1I

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF


M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N





M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN

M)SXF(S$V

M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`X


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

#L\+V9O

M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

#!C7S=F835?-&(U95]A
#
T7SDP
M






]

T1)1#!%6D8^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@

]







T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

#L\

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M5&EM97

M
S$L(#(P

T0G;&EN92UH96EG

M







M/B8C

B!S='EL


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M=#H@


M96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

@

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


B4[
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


M;&4]




38P.SPO9F]N

Q

R4[



T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E








M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


Q-C`[


M)SXF(S$V

34E)SX\


]
M


F4Z(#AP=<^)B

34E


M($1E8V5M8F5R(#



T0G=F5R
6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\






T0G

M.'!T)SXF(S$V


M/C(P


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-C@E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



Q-C`[



24[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@
M.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

BPW
M
S$L


M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V







Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97





M;&4]



34E)SX\9F]N













T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

#L\+V9O

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M5&EM97







M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




M)B

M9VAT.B`Q

Q-C`[

M





T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M.'!T)SXF(S$V



34E)SX\9F]N





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

#L\+V9O



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O




M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


#
U/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT



M-#`P8U\W9F$U7S1B-65?83`S-%\Y



M(&-O;G1E;G0]


M/3-$




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1P


]

M



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

#L\

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M5&EM97

M960@1&5C96UB97(@

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


T0G;&EN

M)SXF(S$V

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

#L\+V9O

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




#L\


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

#L\+V9O

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M5&EM97








M;&4]

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



M;W(Z(-#0T9&0T,G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

7!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


M(S$V








T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT





M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G;&EN92UH

M(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G

#L\+V9O;G0^


#!C7S=F835?-&(U95]A
#
T7SDP
#5C


]
M

T1)1#!%3$4^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

2P@
C`Q


]






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O





Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]




M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


M96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#AP=!4:6UE<R!.97<@


T0G


M

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@
M.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@8V]L<W!A;CTS1#(@


M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


M0T
G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!W

M

T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97









'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I
M9GD[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I
F4Z(#AP=<^)B






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG

M

M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@


6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L

M
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G

#L\+V9O;G0^

34E)SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R
M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M97

M=&4G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


#L\




T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


T0G



M
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G

M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!T97AT



34E)SX\


M.3


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G

#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


R
RPV


M+6AE:6=H=#H@



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R





M;VT[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH

M(S$V



Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!T97AT+6%L



G/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!W


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@




M:68G/B@T-#`L

T0G


M86QA;F-E+`T*(`@($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@


F4Z(#AP=<^)B
Q-C`[


3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

S`P+#0S

M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I
F4Z(#AP=<^)B

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA
M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M


M;&4]



34E)SX\


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!T97AT+6%L



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O


'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL


@

M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M


38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@









M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M-SDL
C0Q*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

M

M:60[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I







7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L


M


T0G=F5R=&EC


M

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@






T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


M


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



&-?-V9A-5\T
M8C5E7V$P
S1?.3`P-6
W








M


#$R/&)R




3`P)3L@8F]R

T0G=F5R=&EC

T0G;&EN92UH96EG

M

Q+`R,#$R/]F






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



M(S$V

M#0H@(`@,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M5&EM97

SPO

38P.SPO9F]N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O



34E






M;&4]


34E)SX\9F]N





38P.SPO

38P.SPO9F]N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

T0G;&EN92UH96EG

M


B4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M




M/C$L-#$W+#
T







6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M






T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N
'0M:6YD
M96YT.B`Q


T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M;&4]



38P





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G=&5X


M:68G/CQB/DQI86)I;&ET:65S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N











34E)SX\





38P

38P.SPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F



T0G9F]N

M9VAT.B`Q

34P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*





M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M5&EM97








34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

34P

38P.SPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

3`N
C5P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

#L\


T0G;&EN

M)SXF(S$V

G

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97







M8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF




C5P


M9VAT.B`Q

@3F5W

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M

@







M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


T0G;&EN92UH

M(S$V


M;&4]

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M






#L\

M=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@








M+6AE:6=H=#H@





M:&5I9VAT.B`Q





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

#L\

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G

#L\+V9O;G0^

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

F4Z(#AP=<^
M)B

M9VAT.B`Q

Q-C`[

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@







M)SXF(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





M

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M




M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M9VAT.B`Q

@3F5W

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\



M



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

Q


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

@





M;&4]


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


34P.SPO9F]N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D




34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


M








38P.SPO

38P.SPO9F]N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

T0G;&EN92UH96EG

M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

#L\+V9O

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

F4Z(#AP
M=<^)B


M+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SX\



34P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS





M.B`Q

@3F5W(%)O

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G


T0G9F]N

M9VAT.B`Q

34P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R

M9&5N=#H@
3`N


M5&]T86P@3&EA8FEL:71I97

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M



M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^





M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



T0G;&EN92UH

M(S$V

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF



34E)SX\




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

34P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^









]







T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L




38P.SPO

T0G;&EN

M)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG


F4Z(#AP=<^)B

34E)SX\





38P

38P.SPO

38P.SPO9F]N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

T0G;&EN92UH

M(S$V

G/@T*

B4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



3(E.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M+6AE:6=H=#H@





M;&4]



T0G





T0G;&EN92UH








M:6=H=#H@


M=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G

#L\+V9O;G0^




T0G9F]N
M=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q








M;&4]



Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]



T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@






C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@


24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\





M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

F4Z(#AP=<^
M)B

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M/B8C




T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G

#L\+V9O;G0^

M:6=H=#H@


M=#H@




S+#
R-#PO

38P.SPO9F]N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

#L\+V9O

G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:6=H=#H@


M=#H@




M86-K)SXF(S$U



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T

M9CL@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SY$;W5G:&5R='D@4F5V;VQV:6YG($-R961I=`T*




M)SXF(S$V







M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN

M)SXF(S$V

G

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97







'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

2PY-38\

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W-31A
M-#`P8U\W9F$U7S1B-65?83`S-%\Y


M:&5E=#


M='`M97%U:78]

]



]




]
T1T97AT


T0G9F]N=#H@
M





M92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#


M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`P)3L@8F]R9&5R

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




M





T0G9F]N













7!T














M




M93PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

M






W!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I












C$E.R!P861D






W!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


W!T

W!T




M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

T0G


Q-C`[:6X-B`@
M(`R



M


M8B@R
#0L




B\P-\Q,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT






W!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F









#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N
M;W=R87`]








'0@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P





2`\



#LD)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[-C8Q#0H@(`@/]F



W!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I

38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P
M.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C

CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]




MB`@(!











T0G9F]N







M
C`T+#(U-2PR




CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]








#`P+#`P
`T*(`@(#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@








3$T)3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@



W!T)SX\

38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C
38P.S`N
C

M
S$L




T1N;W=R







M/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]




W!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT










3`\+V9O



Q-C`[)8C,38P.R8C,38P
M.R8C,38P.S`N,C,Q-@T*(`@(#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]







M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

T0G




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R






W!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I

3`L



T0G




30E




3







#@O
S$O
3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@


#`L
#`P



2`\+V9O









T0G9F]N






34P+#`P








3$R)3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N



M

M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.S`N
C
Y
`T*(`@(#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@




M










XT,`\+V9O










PY-C4-B`@(`\+V9O;G0^/]T






C`T
M+#(U-2PR





T0G9F]N


BXR-7!T(&1O


W!T)SX\9F]N




M-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([

M.'!T)SXF(S$V













7!T('-O;&ED.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!W:6YD;W=T
M97AT(#(N



7!T('-O;&ED.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B!W:6YD;W=T97AT(#(N


M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
&EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I


#$Q.CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^




M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V

'0@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D


M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]









7!T('-O


M/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

M

M(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT

M93H@.'!T)SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N




















T0R
'0@
7!T('-O;&ED



M;&4]


M-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


W!T)SX\




M(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT

M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V



7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U+C1P




M















3$O
#(O


-B`@(!-;V4L($-&3SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]





M(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]




W!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I

38P.R8C
38P.S$N
#`-B`@(`\+V9O;G0^









38P

#


#LD
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
CDL-#`X#0H@(`@/]F


#LD)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[-PY,#$-B`@(`\+V9O;G0^/]T







M;&4]


W!T)SX\9F]N

M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]





38P.R8C
38P.S$N






T0G9F]N


M-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@



3






3$O
#(O


T1N



M


T1N;W=R





M




M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

T0G



M/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]




W!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT







G/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]








M;W=R87`]





T1N



M

M
38P.R8C
38P.S$N




M-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([






3(L


M)SXR+#0U



3$O
#(O
3$\




M(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]







M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]




M87`]





T1N;W=R



W!T




T0G9F]N

3PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]







#`P+#`P





#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R
M87`]
















#@O
#0O


M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

M




M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

T0G





M;&4]


M(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]




W!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I

M;W=R87`]











G/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N







M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]




W!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F







38P.R8C





#@E/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D










M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@


BPP-3
L
#`P#0H@(`@/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@


M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V




#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@




38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

T0G

Q-C`[)#$L.#
U+#
P
PT*(`@(#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@

M


M

M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.S0P


7!T('-O;&ED.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!W:6YD;W=T97AT
M(#(N



M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


M=&EO;G






M


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L




34E.R!T





F4Z(#AP=<^)B
Q-C`[






T0G



M.'!T)SXF(S$V

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U)3L@=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX\9F]N



Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T







M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
M
'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&-E;G1E<CL@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@,7!T('-O;&ED.R!V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`X<'0@
M5&EM97





T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N
M=&5R.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T





M(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SX\9F]N



@3F5W(%)O;6%N



38P.SPO


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G=&5X





M(S$V


38P






#L\+V9O;G0^



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C`T+#(U-2PR
#0I)SX-B`@(`\=&0@




M)B


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






2PS
M.3$L







M:6]N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8V5L

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M

M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]


2P\

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G

#L\+V9O;G0^

M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#AP=!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XL(%1I

B4[
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


M;&4]

#8E/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@


24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q



M;&4]


34E)SX\9F]N




M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


Q-C`[



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S




Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO

]
T1P
2!O9B!O=71S=&%N
M9&EN9R!S=&]C:R!O<'1I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'-P86-I;F<],T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!S

F4Z(#AP=<^)B

34E




38P.SPO9F]N

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R


3$U


M)SXF(S$V

M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\


38P.SPO

B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL


M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M


#L\+V9O;G0^

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E


34E)SX\


M;&4]

34E)SX\




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT
M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`X





M9VAT.B`Q

@3F5W

M
S$L(#(P


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D


M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


38P.SPO

M)B





Q


'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,3!P
M=<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97





M;&4]

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q





34E.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@+3$P









34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I



'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N












34E)SX\


T0G

M.'!T)SXF(S$V

M0T



38P.SPO


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@





M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


34E)SX\9F]N






M(`S,2P@,C`Q,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:6=H=#H@




Q-C`[

M



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M9&EN9RUL969T.B`R
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ

F4Z(#AP=<^)B

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

#L\



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C


M9VAT.B`Q







M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T





Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@



T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:68G/D]P=&EO;G


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F





T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M

M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN

M)SXF(S$V




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

#L\



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G

#L\+V9O;G0^

G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

Q+`R,#$R/]F


M(#(N
C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@


M

M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

#L\

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

@







M;&4]



34E)SX\9F]N






Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

3$U








M86-K(#(N
C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S



M;&4]



T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG



M











]


]

]
M

]






M8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

-


M)SXF(S$V



24[('1E


#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@




#L\+V9O


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D


M)SXF(S$V

6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y
M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q





6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D




M8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
















38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



M(S$V

M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G

34E

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@
M.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=&5X


Q-C`[







34E)SX\9F]N



L
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@;&EN92UH

M(S$V

M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

2XR-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]

T1T;W`^07-S=6UP=&EO;G
@


3`P)3L@8F]R9&5R

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

M

M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V

M

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97





M;&4]


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M5&EM97

M

M.B`Q


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

#L\+V9O

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M;&4]





M





M)B


M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R






M;&4]



T0G;&EN92UH

M(S$V







T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXQ
3



M

M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V






M;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8V5L

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M

M


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF


Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]




M/B8C

M

B!S='EL93TS





T0G=F5R





M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO








Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@


M;&4]






#L\+V9O

M

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M

M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N


T0G=VED=&@Z



M
'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,3!P=<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T0G;&EN92UH

M(S$V



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

F4Z(#AP=<^)B



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G

#L\+V9O;G0^



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N


M


-

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

F4Z(#AP=<^
M)B

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG

M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

#L\+V9O

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT







M






M/B8C





M;&4]

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

RPX-S@L


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I
F4Z(#AP=<^
M)B












Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT




'!T.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z
M(TQ

@3F5W(%)O

34E



M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97









34E)SX\


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M96YT.B`M


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G

#L\+V9O;G0^

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT





M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M;&4]



Q



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

F4Z(#AP=<^
M)B



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T
M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q








M=#H@








M;W5B;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
'0M
M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M.B`Q

F4Z(#AP=<^)B

34E



M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:6=H=#H@


M=#H@


M



M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V
6QE/3-$)W9E

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M96UB97(-B`@(`S
2P@
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M


L

34E)SX\



C5P


M9VAT.B`Q

@3F5W




#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T


#!C7S=F835?-&(U95]A
#
T7SDP
#5C-S(W8V0T8PT*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)


]



M







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF






M;&4]




C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



M/3-$

M+6AE:6=H=#H@






T0G




Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M97




M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
B4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]


L
M-S(P+#8P





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

24[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

@


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T9&0T,G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E

6QE/3-$


Q

M.B`Q


#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF




RPW




Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@


M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T1T;W`^5&%X(')E8V]N8VEL:6%T:6]N
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'-P

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T


M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

F4Z(#AP=<^
M)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G=VED=&@Z



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

Q-C`[

R4[('1E


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXS-2XP

T0G=VED=&@Z

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:61T:#H@
3(E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

S4N
#`E/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T







M

M4V5R:68G/C8N







34E)SX\




M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT




#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


M9VAT.B`Q

@3F5W

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G

#L\+V9O;G0^



#L\

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G

#L\+V9O;G0^

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M97



T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@



7!T




M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L


2XY


M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





N


38P.SPO

38P.SPO9F]N





T1T;W`^


3`P)3L@8F]R9&5R+6-O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

#L\+V9O

Q-C`[

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G

#L\+V9O;G0^





6QE


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
3
N-7!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

Z

M



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:6=H=#H@


M=#H@




6QE/3-$

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U


24[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q


3(E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H


BPY
S(L


M(S$V



M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


M)B

M9VAT.B`Q

Q-C`[

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

S8L

34E



M;&4]


M871I;VX@8V]S='

T0G;&EN92UH

M(S$V


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


M


3$U









M


34E)SX\




M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


T0G;&EN

M)SXF(S$V

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H-

M.R!W:61T:#H@






Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

34E



34E)SX\9F]N



34E



M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#8X)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T



@8V%P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@


24[
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M5&EM97




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#AP=!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XL(%1I



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F





T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


T0G;&EN

M)SXF(S$V


M
BPV



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G

#L\+V9O;G0^

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@



M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M5&]T86P@9&5F97)R960@;&EA8FEL:71I97


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SX\


T0G;&EN

M)SXF(S$V

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@



C0L-#`R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F



M;&4]






34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

L

M.B`Q

@3F5W(%)O

M;&4]



38P


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T



34E)SX\


M;&4]



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

2PP
3(L




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\W-31A-#`P8U\W9F$U7S1B-65?83`S-%\Y

O5V]R



M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]



@*$1E=&%I;'

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#












M.3`S+#4U


]



&-?-V9A-5\T8C5E
M7V$P
S1?.3`P-6
W
C=C9#1C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T

#!C7S=F835?-&(U95]A
#
T7SDP
#5C-S(W8V0T8R]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5#1D%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$



CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q






]
T1N




Z(%!O=&5N
M=&EA;&QY(&1I;'5T:79E(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97




]


M



&-?
M-V9A-5\T8C5E7V$P
S1?.3`P-6
W

O4VAE970S


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M4&]L:6-I97






BPU
#


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



#!C7S=F835?-&(U95]A
#
T7SDP
#5C-S(W8V0T



]
T1R97!O

T1)1#!%



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




M(#(U







M8G0@:7-S=6%N8V4@8V]S='


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$X+#8S
#QS



]
T1N=6UP


T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'



T1T

M1&YU;7`^






]
T1N=6UP/B0@




]


L


]

3
L







]


]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^36%T97)I86P@8V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;G





M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/DUA=&5R:6%L(&-O;F-E;G1R871I;VYS(&EN(&%C8V]U




M830P
&-?-V9A-5\T8C5E7V$P
S1?.3`P-6
W

O
M4VAE970S-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS





M
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]








]








M+#4V



]


@*$1E=&%I;'

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

]
M


]

]
T1N=6UP/C8V/'-P

C0\





M97AT4&%R=%\W-31A-#`P8U\W9F$U7S1B-65?83`S-%\Y

-



M(&ED/3-$240P14-*04



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3$\


]






]




]
T1N=6UP/C(L-#(R+#$U
#QS

]

M/3-$;G5M/B@R+#0R




]




C8Y










#!C7S=F835?-&(U95]A
#
T7SDP
#5C-S(W



]
T1R



]
M


S$L(#(P



]




M
BPU



]
T1N=6UP/C$R


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3VEL(&%N9!G87
@86-R

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
2PX.3



M830P
&-?-V9A-5\T8C5E7V$P
S1?.3`P-6
W

O
M4VAE970T
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQS



S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1P

]
T1T


M





T1T;W`^3&EA
M8FEL:71I97



]

]
M


]

M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-S4T830P
&-?-V9A-5\T8C5E7V$P
S1?
M.3`P-6
W

O4VAE970T
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]N=&EN9V5N=!#


]

M86QI9VX]

M9VEN;FEN9R!B86QA;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



BPP




]
T1N=6T^*#0V
RPS.3@I





M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D5L:6UI;F%T:6]N(&]F('1H92!C;VYT:6YG96YT(')E
M8V5I=F%B;&4@9'5E('1O('-E='1L96UE;G0@86=R965M96YT/]T9#X-B`@




]


]
M


]

M


]
T1N=6T^*#
R
RPV





]




]


]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C(W
M
RPY-C





M;3XH
S`P+#0S








]
T1N=6UP/C4L-S`X
M+#$W



]
M
T1N=6T^*#4P
BPX.3





]


]

]
T1N=6T^
M*#4L


]

M)`V+#$T.PT






'0O:'1M



]



]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P



]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F]N+6-O;G1I;F=E;G0@97AP96YS97,@86YD(&9E
M97,@:6YC=7)R960@=VET:!S971T;&5M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

S









RPS

M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

#!C7S=F835?-&(U95]A
#
T7SDP
M






]





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]

]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%S:!A;F0@


]










]


]


]






M;&5N='

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$L-#`Q+#$T

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^5&]T86P@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L


M:71I97

]
T1T97AT


T1T


]



]

]


]









T1T;W`^5&]T86P@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@




:6%B:6QI=&EE



]

]










@3&5V
M96PS(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\





]

]

]




]





]



]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86P@07-S971S(&%N
M9!


M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-S4T830P
&-?-V9A-5\T8C5E7V$P
M
S1?.3`P-6
W

O4VAE970T-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



T1T;W`^5&]T





M8W)E9&ET(&9A8VEL:71Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

M;7`^

]


]

M86QI9VX]



M
#!C7S=F835?-&(U95]A
#
T7SDP






]

T1)1#!%
41!


CXQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^



3DS+#(W.#QS


M9VX]
T1T;W`^4')E;D%N=&4U/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$




]












S@L-3



]


BPX-C0\


M-&$T
#!C7S=F835?-&(U95]A
#
T7SDP





]

T1)1#!%
M



3(@36]N=&AS

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]



2XP-B4\


]

]


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XU('EE87)S/'-P86X^


3(N
#`E

M.3`N






]


]
T1T97AT/C




3
N



M7S1B-65?83`S-%\Y




M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]




@*$1E=&%I;'
@

]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@



]


]

]
M


M9VX]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L
38Y+#`P
#QS

]

]
T1N=6UP



@0V%N8V5L;&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S
M/3-$;G5M/B@R+#$R




]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L
3$P+#`P



T1T;W`^4VAA

]
T1N=6T^
M*#8P+#`P

]

]
M



]








@0V%N8V5L;&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S
M/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$N




@17AE

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#`N
M







]



T1T







RPX-S@L


M

]

]
T1N



@0V%N8V5L;&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L



]
T1P


]
T1N=6UP/C4X-2PP


]

]



M97

L

RPX-S@L



M-C
L




]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]









]

]



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\W-31A-#`P8U\W9F$U7S1B-65?83`S-%\Y

O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L
M(#(P




]


]




M1&YU;7`^
RPW




]



]
T1R93X-



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RPW



M7S1B-65?83`S-%\Y




M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]

3



CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S

]







T1T;W`^169F96-T(&]F('-T




T1T;W`^4&5R;6%N96YT


M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0VAA;F=E(&EN('9A;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO=V%N8V4\+W1D


]
T1R




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\W-31A
M-#`P8U\W9F$U7S1B-65?83`S-%\Y




M='`M97%U:78]

]



M
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L





]




]
T1N=6UP


S8L








]



X-RPR


R
M






M;F0@;W1H97(@97AP;&]R871I;VX@8V]S='
@8V%P:71A;&EZ960@9F]R(&9I


]

P+#DP


2PS


M



]


M(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W





]






97-S.B!V86QU871I;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T-S




]

&-?-V9A-5\T8C5E
M7V$P
S1?.3`P-6
W
C=C9#1C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T

#!C7S=F835?-&(U95]A
#
T7SDP
#5C-S(W8V0T8R]7;W)K


T0B=7)N.G-C
M:&5M87

M968]
T0B4VAE970P
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`S+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#`V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970Q
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3$N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T
30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$U+FAT;6PB

T0B4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970R,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C,N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(W+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
CDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#
P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,2YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970S-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S4N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
S@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
Y
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#0R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T
M,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#0N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970T-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T


A8U\W9F$U7S1B-65?83`S-%\Y

M+0T*
`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      











          

        
        


        

176

251



          

        
        


        

758

315




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

PrenAnte5
    LLC Revolving Credit Facility
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Dougherty Funding
 LLC Revolving
    Credit Facility
    
    
5
748
844
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
748
844
    
    
    
    
    



        
        

    
    
Year
    Ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

PrenAnte5 Revolving
    Credit Facility
 interest
    
    
51
722
    
    
    
    
    

PrenAnte5 Revolving Credit
    Facility
 finance charges
    
    
52
049
    
    
    
14
872
    

PrenAnte5 Revolving Credit
    Facility
 warrant costs
    
    
304
788
    
    
    
87
084
    

Dougherty Revolving Credit
    Facility
 interest
    
    
633
324
    
    
    
    
    

Dougherty Revolving Credit
    Facility
 finance charges
    
    
138
531
    
    
    
    
    

Dougherty Revolving Credit
    Facility
 warrant costs
    
    
12
864
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
193
278
    
    
    
101
956
    





        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

    
    
Fair
    Value Measurements at December 31
 2012
    

    
    
Level
    1
    
    
Level
    2
    
    
Level
    3
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
417
340
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
417
340
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
748
844
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
748
844
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
417
340
    
    
    
(5
748
844
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
Fair
    Value Measurements at December 31
 2011
    

    
    
Level
    1
    
    
Level
    2
    
    
Level
    3
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
401
141
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
401
141
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
401
141
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and a discussion of changes in valuation techniques and related inputs
 if any
 applied during the period to each separate class of assets
 liabilities
 and financial instruments classified in shareholders' equity that are measured on a recurring and/or nonrecurring basis.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          















        
        
        
        


        

417
340

401
141

577
610


        
        
        
        


        

748
844
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

417
340

401
141
        


        

417
340

401
141
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

417
340

401
141
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

748
844
        
        


        

748
844
        
        


        

748
844)
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
              
 -Paragraph 9
 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
The
following table presents all options granted during the year ended December 31
 2012:



    
    
    
    
    
    
Black-Scholes
    Options
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
Term
    in
Pricing
    Model:
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Call
    Value
    
&#160;in
    2012
&#160;in
    2011

    
Benjamin
    Oehler
 Director
100
000
    
$
    0.53 
    
    
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;0.4468
    
&#160;$
    44
681 
&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;661
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;-
    

    
Joseph
    Lahti
 Director
100
000
    
$
    0.53 
    
    
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;0.4468
    
44
681
    
661
    
-
    

    
Kenneth
    DeCubellis
 CEO
1
000
000
    
$
    0.27 
    
    
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;0.2316
    
31
294
    
1
651
    
-
    

    
James
    Moe
 CFO
500
000
    
$
    0.27 
    
    
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;0.2316
    
27
595
    
1
456
    
-
    

    
    
10
000
    
$
    0.27 
    
    
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;0.2316
    
313
    
17
    
-
    

    
Joseph
    Lahti
 Director
100
000
    
$
    0.31 
    
    
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;0.2607
    
26
066
    
1
731
    
-
    

    
    
150
000
    
$
    0.28 
    
    
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;0.2390
    
35
853
    
2
795
    
-
    

    
    
150
000
    
$
    0.40 
    
    
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;0.3398
    
50
965
    
4
168
    
-
    

    
    
2
110
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
$261
448
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;13
140
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;-
    


The
following table presents all options granted during the year ended December 31
 2011:



    
    
    
    
    
    
Black-Scholes
    Options
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
Term
    in
Pricing
    Model:
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Call
    Value
    
&#160;in
    2012
&#160;in
    2011

    
James
    Moe
 CFO
200
000
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;1.00
    
    
    
    
$0.7352
    
&#160;$147
039
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;29
408
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;4
901
    

    
Joshua
    Wert
 Former COO
133
000
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;1.00
    
    
    
    
$0.7352
    
97
781
    
13
475
    
3
259
    

    
Employee
    
10
000
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;1.00
    
    
    
    
$0.7352
    
7
352
    
1
472
    
245
    

    
Morris
    Goldfarb
 Former Director
100
000
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;1.00
    
    
    
    
$0.7352
    
73
519
    
12
253
    
2
451
    

    
Benjamin
    Oehler
 Director
100
000
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;1.00
    
    
    
    
$0.7352
    
73
519
    
14
704
    
2
451
    

    
Kenneth
    DeCubellis
 CEO
1
000
000
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;1.00
    
    
    
    
$0.7456
    
745
587
    
142
306
    
24
853
    

    
    
10
000
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;1.00
    
    
    
    
$0.7436
    
7
436
    
1
400
    
620
    

    
James
    Moe
 CFO
500
000
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;1.65
    
    
    
    
$1.3661
    
683
070
    
185
769
    
180
256
    

    
    
2
053
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
&#160;$1
835
303
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;400
787
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;219
036
    




        
        

Shares
    Underlying Options Outstanding
    
Shares
    Underlying Options Exercisable

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Range
    of Exercise Prices
    
Shares
    Underlying Options Outstanding
    
Weighted
    Average Remaining Contractual Life
    
Weighted
    Average Exercise Price
    
Shares
    Underlying Options Exercisable
    
Weighted
    Average Exercise Price

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
4
149
001
    
    
    
    
    
1
391
002
    
    



        
        

    
    
December
    31

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Average
    risk-free interest rates
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Average expected
    life (in years)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



        
        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
of
    Shares
    
    
    
    

Balance
    December 31
 2010
    
    
2
169
000
    
    
    
    
    

Options
    expired
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Options
    cancelled
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Options
    granted
    
    
2
053
000
    
    
    
    
    

Options
    exercised
    
    
(60
000
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December
    31
 2011
    
    
4
162
000
    
    
    
    
    

Options
    expired
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Options
    cancelled
    
    
(2
122
999
    
    
    
    
    

Options
    granted
    
    
2
110
000
    
    
    
    
    

Options
    exercised
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December
    31
 2012
    
    
4
149
001
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable
 December
    31
 2012
    
    
1
391
002
    
    
    
    
    





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 weighted-average exercise price (or conversion ratio)
 aggregate intrinsic value (except for nonpublic entities)
 and weighted-average remaining contractual term of options (or share units) outstanding.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

Shares
    Underlying Warrants Outstanding
    
Shares
    Underlying&#160;Warrants Exercisable

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Range
    of Exercise Prices
    
Shares
    Underlying Warrants Outstanding
    
Weighted
    Average Remaining Contractual Life
    
Weighted
    Average Exercise Price
    
Shares
    Underlying Warrants Exercisable
    
Weighted
    Average Exercise Price

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
4
463
375
    
    
    
    
    
4
463
375
    
    



        
        

    
    
December
    31

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Average
    risk-free interest rates
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Average expected
    life (in years)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



        
        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
of
    Shares
    
    
    
    

Balance
    December 31
 2010
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants
    expired
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants
    cancelled
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants
    granted
    
    
3
878
375
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants
    exercised
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December
    31
 2011
    
    
3
878
375
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants
    expired
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants
    cancelled
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants
    granted
    
    
585
000
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants
    exercised
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December
    31
 2012
    
    
4
463
375
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable
 December
    31
 2012
    
    
4
463
375
    
    
    
    
    





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase
 and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also
 the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years
 while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months. Disclose the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable
 and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]
        


        
Note 1 &#150;
Organization and Nature of Business

Effective
April 2
 2012
 Ante5
 Inc. changed its corporate name to Black Ridge Oil &#38; Gas
 Inc.
 and continues to trade its common stock
on the OTC QB and OTC BB under the trading symbol &#147;ANFC&#148;. Black Ridge Oil &#38; Gas
 Inc. (Formerly Ante5
 Inc.) (the
&#147;Company&#148;) became an independent company in April 2010 when the spin-off from our former parent company
 Ante4
 Inc.
(now Emerald Oil
 Inc. and also formerly known as Voyager Oil &#38; Gas
 Inc.)
 became effective. We became a publicly traded
company when our shares began trading on July 1
 2010. Since October 2010
 we have been engaged in the business of acquiring oil
and gas leases and participating in the drilling of wells in the Bakken and Three Forks trends in North Dakota and Montana. Our
strategy is to participate in the exploration
 development and production of oil and gas reserves as a non-operating working interest
owner in a growing
 diversified portfolio of oil and gas wells. We aggressively seek to accumulate mineral leases to position
us to participate in the drilling of new wells on a continuous basis. Occasionally we also purchase working interests in producing
wells.

The
Company&#146;s focus is the acquisition
 exploration
 development and production of crude oil and natural gas properties
 primarily
in the Bakken and Three Forks trends in North Dakota and Montana. We believe that our prospective success revolves around our
ability to acquire mineral rights and participate in drilling activities by virtue of our ownership of such rights and through
the relationships we have developed with our operating partners.

As
a non-operating working interest partner
 we participate in drilling activities primarily on a heads-up basis. Before a well is
spud
 an operator is required to offer all mineral lease owners in the designated well spacing unit the right to participate in
the drilling and production of the well. Drilling costs and revenues from oil and gas sales are split pro-rata based on acreage
ownership in the designated drilling unit. We rely on our operator partners to identify specific drilling sites
 permit
 and engage
in the drilling process. As a non-operator we are focused on maintaining a low overhead structure.





        
          

        
          
            

 the major products or services it sells or provides and its principal markets
 including the locations of those markets. If the entity operates in more than one business
 the disclosure also indicates the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination (for example
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
720
601
    
    
    
(1
680
905
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
720
601
    
    
    
(1
680
905
    



        
        

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Federal statutory income tax
    rate
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Effect of statutory rate change on deferred
    taxes
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



        
        

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Deferred
    tax assets:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Federal and state net operating
    loss carryovers
    
    
2
466
977
    
    
    
2
932
099
    

    
    
    
837
761
    
    
    
336
229
    

    
    
    
54
943
    
    
    
51
464
    

    
    
    
27
535
    
    
    
1
498
    

    
    
    
3
387
216
    
    
    
3
321
290
    




Deferred
    tax liabilities:
    
    
    
    
    
    

Ceiling test impairment
 intangible
    drilling costs and other exploration costs capitalized for financial reporting purposes
    
    
(7
630
903
    
    
    
(1
731
321
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(2
192
619
    

    
    
    
(15
192
    
    
    
(21
752
    

    
    
    
(7
646
095
    
    
    
(3
945
692
    

    
    
    
(4
258
879
    
    
    
(624
402
    

    
    
    
(473
817
    
    
    
(387
693
    

    
    
    
(4
732
696
    
    
    
(1
012
095
    





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      


 2012

          



 2011

          



        
        
        


Oil and gas assets
 net acres

256

457


        

249
347

507
522


        
        
        


        

893
649

925




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

417
340

401
141


        

233

003


        

500
000
        


        

397
450

599


        
        

309
752


        

171
023

424
495


        
        
        


        

248
983

867
443


        

055
513

236
057


        

917

489


        

390
413

181
989


Less
 accumulated depreciation
 amortization and depletion

793
184)

325
497)


Total property and equipment
 net

597
229

856
492


Contingent consideration receivable
 net of current portion and allowance of $-0- and $878
650 at December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
        

698
850


Debt issuance costs
 net

702

049


        

702

750
899


        

425
954

031
886


        
        
        


Accounts payable
 including $160
000 and $-0- of settlement payables
 respectively

113
526

820
936


Accounts payable
 related parties
 including $116
234 and $-0- of settlement payables
 respectively

234

206


        

666
        


Royalties payable
 related party
        

431


        

291
426

130
573


        

145

900


        

748
844
        


        

732
696

012
095


        

840
111

146
568


        
        
        


        
        
        


Preferred stock
 $0.001 par value
 20
000
000 shares authorized
 no shares issued and outstanding
        
        


Common stock
 $0.001 par value
 500
000
000 shares authorized
 47
979
990 and 47
402
965 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively

980

403


        

847
212

058
674


        

690
651

220
759)


        

585
843

885
318


        

425
954

031
886




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization (related to property
 plant and equipment
 but not including land) that has been recognized in the income statement.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 construction or development
 or the normal operations of a long-lived asset
 except for certain obligations of lessees.
              
 -Paragraph 3
 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the carrying amount (net of accumulated amortization) as of the balance sheet date of capitalized costs associated with the issuance of debt instruments (for example
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs) that will be charged against earnings over the life of the debt instruments to which such costs pertain.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
 -Paragraph 41
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as applicable)
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
              
 -Paragraph 9
 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment not otherwise defined in the taxonomy.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depreciable flight assets owned by the entity and used in the entity's principle business operations (owned aircraft and capitalized improvements) and capitalized assets classified as property
 plant and equipment that are owned by the entity. Excludes assets subject to a capital lease.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 money orders
 consumer payments
 or business to business payments. Settlement assets include clearing and settling customers payments due to and from financial institutions and may include cash and cash equivalents.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        

748
844
        



          

        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        

748
844
        




        
          

        
          
            

 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
              
 -Paragraph 9
 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

911
410

482
255)


        

443
482

631


        

206

043


        
        

392
742


        

580

872


        

557
        


        
        

061


        

539
        


        
        

120


        

933

022


        

719

062


Common stock options
 related parties

909

740


        
        
        


        

230)

163)


        

500
000)
        


        

424
985)

168)


        

008
602

398


        
        
        


Accounts payable
 including $160
000 and $-0- of settlement payables
 respectively

744

202


Accounts payable
 related parties
 including $116
234 and $-0- of settlement payables
 respectively

028

571)


        

666

267)


Royalties payable
 related party

431)

169)


        

720
601

680
905)


        

017
330

096)


        
        
        


        

893
649

925


        

839
963)

731
225)


        

428)

489)


        

953
742)

472
789)


        
        
        


        

350
000
        


        

601
156)
        


Proceeds from the sale of common stock
 net of $526
444 of offering costs
        

616
057


        

233)

921)


        
        

280


        

952
611

566
416


        

199

176
469)


        

401
141

577
610


        

417
340

401
141


        
        
        


        

917
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

618
145

422
150


        
        

940
269


        

688

391


        

015
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 related parties
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the costs to issue debt and obtain financing over the related debt instruments. Alternate captions include noncash interest expense.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 13
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment
 which do not qualify for treatment as discontinued operations. This item does not include any gain (loss) recognized on the sale of oil and gas property or timber property.
              
 -Paragraph 37
 41
 42
 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 27
 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 subsidiaries of a common parent
 an entity and trust for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entities' management
 an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families
 affiliates
 or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including income
 property and other taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 other noncurrent assets
 or a combination of other current and noncurrent assets.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 patents
 trade names
 licenses
 technology. Royalty payments are also paid by the lease holders for oil
 gas
 and mineral extraction.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including those of discontinued operations
 of the reporting entity. Operating activities generally involve producing and delivering goods and providing services. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value that are not defined as investing or financing activities. While for technical reasons this element has no balance attribute
 the default assumption is a debit balance consistent with its label.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with either short term or long term maturity that is collateralized (backed by pledge
 mortgage or other lien in the entity's assets).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets and mineral interests in oil and gas properties used for normal oil and gas operations.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which the entity may have realized and reported separately.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with either short term or long term maturity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

503

591


        
        
        


        

503

591




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment cost basis.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Note
15 &#150; Subsequent Events

Oil &#38;
Gas Property Acquisitions
Through March
15
 2013 the Company purchased approximately 800 net acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota and Montana. In consideration
for the assignment of these mineral leases
 we paid the sellers approximately $416
283. Additionally
 through March 15
 2013 the
Company sold 60 net acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota for proceeds of $199
800.


Common
Stock Options
On January
24
 2013
 the Company granted a total of 762
500 common stock options to officers and employees
 including 400
000 options granted
to Ken DeCubellis
 the Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer
 and 115
000 options granted to James Moe
 the Company&#146;s
Chief Financial Officer. All of the options vest annually over five years beginning on the first anniversary of the grants and
are exercisable until the tenth anniversary of the date of grant at an exercise price of $0.56 per share. The total estimated
fair value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model
 based on a volatility rate of 110% and a call option value of $0.4725 was $360
307
and is being amortized over the vesting period.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      


 2012

          



 2011

          



        

000

000


        

340

952


        

233

921


        

702

049


        

580

872


        

660
        


        

630

507


        

206

043


        

893
649

925


        
        

392
742


        

288
448

860


Oil and gas producing wells
 gross
        
        


Oil and gas producing wells
 net
        
        


        

513
709

047
375


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 13
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 27
 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 not otherwise specified in the taxonomy
 charged against earnings in the period to allocate the cost of tangible and intangible assets over their remaining economic lives.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets and mineral interests in oil and gas properties used for normal oil and gas operations.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in which the entity owns an undivided working interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

    
    
December
    31

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
513
788
    
    
    
474
314
    

    
    
    
903
552
    
    
    
926
827
    

    
    
    
1
417
340
    
    
    
1
401
141
    



        
        

    
    
Years
    Ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Capitalized Certain Payroll
    and Other Internal Costs
    
    
172
503
    
    
    
138
591
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
172
503
    
    
    
138
591
    



        
        

    
    
Year
    Ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted
    average common shares outstanding &#150; basic
    
    
47
789
225
    
    
    
42
882
772
    

Plus: Potentially
    dilutive common shares:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock
    options and warrants
    
    
272
014
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted average
    common shares outstanding &#150; diluted
    
    
48
061
239
    
    
    
42
882
772
    





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.1.0.1
 *
 */
var moreDialog = null;
var Show = {
    Default:'raw'
    more:function( obj ){
        var bClosed = false;
        if( moreDialog != null )
        {
			try
			{
				bClosed = moreDialog.closed;
			}
			catch(e)
			{
				//Per article at http://support.microsoft.com/kb/244375 there is a problem with the WebBrowser control
				// that somtimes causes it to throw when checking the closed property on a child window that has been
				//closed.  So if the exception occurs we assume the window is closed and move on from there.
				bClosed = true;
			}
			if( !bClosed ){
				moreDialog.close();
			}
        }
        obj = obj.parentNode.getElementsByTagName( 'pre' )[0];
		var hasHtmlTag = false;
		var objHtml = '';
		var raw = '';
		//Check for raw HTML
		var nodes = obj.getElementsByTagName( '*' );
		if( nodes.length ){
			objHtml = obj.innerHTML;
		}else{
			if( obj.innerText ){
				raw = obj.innerText;
			}else{
				raw = obj.textContent;
			}

			if( matches && matches.length ){
				objHtml = raw;
				//If there is an html node it will be 1st or 2nd
				//   but we can check a little further.
				var n = Math.min( 5
 matches.length );

					var el = matches[ i ].toString().toLowerCase();

						hasHtmlTag = true;
						break;
					}
				}
			}
		}
        if( objHtml.length ){
			var html = '';
			if( hasHtmlTag ){
				html = objHtml;
			}else{


'+

					\n+'    body {'+
					\n+'    }'+
					\n+'    table {'+
					\n+'    }'+



						objHtml +


			}
			moreDialog = window.open(
More
width=700,height=650,status=0,resizable=yes,menubar=no,toolbar=no,scrollbars=yes);
			moreDialog.document.write( html );
			moreDialog.document.close();
			if( !hasHtmlTag ){
				moreDialog.document.body.style.margin = '0.5em';
			}
        }
        else
        {
			//default view logic
			var lines = raw.split( \n );
			var longest = 0;


					longest = Math.max( longest
 lines[p].length );
				}
			}
			//Decide on the default view

			//Build formatted view

			var formatted = '';

				if( text.length == 1 ){

;
				}else{

\n;
					}
				}
			}else{
';
			}


'+

				\n+'    body {'+
				\n+'       background-color: #f0f9ee;'+
				\n+'       font-family: Arial
 san-serif; font-size: 0.8em;'+
				\n+'    }'+
				\n+'    table {'+
				\n+'       font-size: 1em;'+
				\n+'    }'+




				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+


				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+


				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+





			moreDialog = window.open(
More
width=700,height=650,status=0,resizable=yes,menubar=no,toolbar=no,scrollbars=yes);
			moreDialog.document.write(html);
			moreDialog.document.close();
			this.toggle( moreDialog );
        }
		moreDialog.document.title = 'Report Preview Details';
    }
    toggle:function( win
 domLink ){
        var domId = this.Default;
        var doc = win.document;
        var domEl = doc.getElementById( domId );
        domEl.style.display = 'block';
        this.Default = domId == 'raw' ? 'formatted' : 'raw';
        if( domLink ){
            domLink.innerHTML = this.Default == 'raw' ? 'with Text Wrapped' : 'as Filed';
        }
        var domElOpposite = doc.getElementById( this.Default );
        domElOpposite.style.display = 'none';
    }
	LastAR : null
	showAR : function ( link
 id
 win ){
		if( Show.LastAR ){
			Show.hideAR();
		}
		var ref = link;
		do {
			ref = ref.nextSibling;
		} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
		if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
			var tmp = win ?
				win.document.getElementById(id) :
				document.getElementById(id);
			if( tmp ){
				ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
				ref.id = '';
				link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
			}
		}
		if( ref ){
			ref.style.display = 'block';
			Show.LastAR = ref;
		}
	}
	toggleNext : function( link ){
		var ref = link;
		do{
			ref = ref.nextSibling;
		}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
		if( ref.style &&
			ref.style.display &&
			ref.style.display == 'none' ){
			ref.style.display = 'block';
			if( link.textContent ){
				link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
			}else{
				link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
			}
		}else{
			ref.style.display = 'none';
			if( link.textContent ){
				link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
			}else{
				link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
			}
		}
	}
	hideAR : function(){
		Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
	}
}











    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        

444


        

000
        


        

234
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 18
 19
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


Allowance
 contingent consideration receivable
        

650


        

000
        


Settlement payables
 related parties

234
        


        
        
        


Preferred stock
 par value
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000


Preferred stock
 shares issued
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares outstanding
        
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000


Common stock
 shares issued

979
990

402
965


Common stock
 shares outstanding

979
990

402
965




        
          

        
          
            

 contingent consideration receivable
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 money orders
 and consumer payment service arrangements. Settlement liabilities include amounts payable to intermediaries for global payment transfers.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Note
10 &#150; Options


The
following table presents all options granted during the year ended December 31
 2012:



    
    
    
    
    
    
Black-Scholes
    Options
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
Term
    in
Pricing
    Model:
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Call
    Value
    
&#160;in
    2012
&#160;in
    2011

    
Benjamin
    Oehler
 Director
100
000
    
$
    0.53 
    
    
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;0.4468
    
&#160;$
    44
681 
&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;661
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;-
    

    
Joseph
    Lahti
 Director
100
000
    
$
    0.53 
    
    
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;0.4468
    
44
681
    
661
    
-
    

    
Kenneth
    DeCubellis
 CEO
1
000
000
    
$
    0.27 
    
    
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;0.2316
    
31
294
    
1
651
    
-
    

    
James
    Moe
 CFO
500
000
    
$
    0.27 
    
    
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;0.2316
    
27
595
    
1
456
    
-
    

    
    
10
000
    
$
    0.27 
    
    
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;0.2316
    
313
    
17
    
-
    

    
Joseph
    Lahti
 Director
100
000
    
$
    0.31 
    
    
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;0.2607
    
26
066
    
1
731
    
-
    

    
    
150
000
    
$
    0.28 
    
    
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;0.2390
    
35
853
    
2
795
    
-
    

    
    
150
000
    
$
    0.40 
    
    
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;0.3398
    
50
965
    
4
168
    
-
    

    
    
2
110
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
$261
448
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;13
140
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;-
    


The
following table presents all options granted during the year ended December 31
 2011:



    
    
    
    
    
    
Black-Scholes
    Options
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
Term
    in
Pricing
    Model:
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Call
    Value
    
&#160;in
    2012
&#160;in
    2011

    
James
    Moe
 CFO
200
000
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;1.00
    
    
    
    
$0.7352
    
&#160;$147
039
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;29
408
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;4
901
    

    
Joshua
    Wert
 Former COO
133
000
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;1.00
    
    
    
    
$0.7352
    
97
781
    
13
475
    
3
259
    

    
Employee
    
10
000
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;1.00
    
    
    
    
$0.7352
    
7
352
    
1
472
    
245
    

    
Morris
    Goldfarb
 Former Director
100
000
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;1.00
    
    
    
    
$0.7352
    
73
519
    
12
253
    
2
451
    

    
Benjamin
    Oehler
 Director
100
000
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;1.00
    
    
    
    
$0.7352
    
73
519
    
14
704
    
2
451
    

    
Kenneth
    DeCubellis
 CEO
1
000
000
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;1.00
    
    
    
    
$0.7456
    
745
587
    
142
306
    
24
853
    

    
    
10
000
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;1.00
    
    
    
    
$0.7436
    
7
436
    
1
400
    
620
    

    
James
    Moe
 CFO
500
000
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;1.65
    
    
    
    
$1.3661
    
683
070
    
185
769
    
180
256
    

    
    
2
053
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
&#160;$1
835
303
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;400
787
    
&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;219
036
    




(1)

 commencing one year from the date of the grant
 are exercisable for 10 years
from the date of the grant and are being amortized over the implied service term
 or vesting period
 of the options.

(2)

 2012
 an amendment (the &#147;Plan Amendment&#148;) to the 2012 Stock Incentive Plan of Black Ridge Oil
&#38; Gas
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) became effective. The Plan Amendment allows for the one-time re-pricing and re-granting
of stock options for certain option holders. The Plan Amendment did not alter any other terms of the Plan. Pursuant to the Plan
Amendment
 certain officers and employees of the Company agreed to the cancellation of their current stock option agreements in
exchange for new stock option agreements. Under the new stock option agreements
 covering 1
510
000 options
 each optionee&#146;s
original number of stock options remains the same. Kenneth DeCubellis
 Chief Executive Officer
 and James Moe
 Chief Financial
Officer
 grants of 1
000
000 and 500
000 shares
 respectively
 remain the same and have a new exercise price of $0.27
 along with
another 10
000 options granted to an employee. These options vest in five equal annual installments
 commencing one year from
the date of grant on September 25
 2013
 and continuing on the next four anniversaries thereof until fully vested. The total incremental
fair value of the warrants in excess of the fair value immediately preceding the modification of the common stock options totaled
$59
202
 and is being amortized in addition to the original fair value
 over the vesting period of the options.

(3)

 2012
 and the unvested options were cancelled.

(4)

 2012. The board granted an accelerated vesting term for the first 20
000 options
that were set to vest on November 2
 2012
 and the remaining 80
000 unvested options were cancelled.

Options
Cancelled
On October
17
 2012
 113
333 common stock options were forfeited pursuant to the resignation of a director.

On September
7
 2012
 466
333 common stock options were cancelled pursuant to the resignation of an officer.

No other
options were cancelled during 2012 or 2011.

Options
Expired
No options
expired during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.

Options
Exercised
No options
were exercised during the year ended December 31
 2012. A total of 60
000 options were exercised at varying prices between $0.05
and $0.51 during the year ended December 31
 2011
 resulting in total proceeds of $17
280.

The following
is a summary of information about the Stock Options outstanding at December 31
 2012.




Shares
    Underlying Options Outstanding
    
Shares
    Underlying Options Exercisable

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Range
    of Exercise Prices
    
Shares
    Underlying Options Outstanding
    
Weighted
    Average Remaining Contractual Life
    
Weighted
    Average Exercise Price
    
Shares
    Underlying Options Exercisable
    
Weighted
    Average Exercise Price

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
4
149
001
    
    
    
    
    
1
391
002
    
    


The fair
value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average
assumptions used for grants under the fixed option plan:



    
December 31

December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


The Black-Scholes
option pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of short-term traded options that have no vesting restrictions
and are fully transferable. In addition
 option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions including
expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&#146;s employee stock options have characteristics significantly different
from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
in management&#146;s opinion the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its
employee stock options. During the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 there were no options granted with an exercise price
below the fair value of the underlying stock at the grant date.

The weighted
average fair value of options granted with exercise prices at the current fair value of the underlying stock during the years
ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $0.31
 and $1.16 per option
 respectively.

The following
is a summary of activity of outstanding stock options:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2010
2
169
000
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
053
000
    

    
(60
000
    

Balance
 December 31
 2011
4
162
000
    

    
    
    

    
(2
122
999
    

    
2
110
000
    

    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2012
4
149
001
    

    
    
    

Exercisable
 December 31
 2012
1
391
002
    


The
Company expensed $849
909 and $710
740 from the amortization of common stock options during the years ended December 31
 2012
and 2011
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 if any
 including other comprehensive income (as applicable).  Also includes disclosure of compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details
 and employee stock purchase plan details.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        

 Inc.
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

         2012
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

053
901


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        

979
990
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
Note
11 &#150; Warrants




On September
5
 2012
 we granted 585
000 warrants in connection with the amended Dougherty Funding
 LLC Revolving Credit Facility. The estimated
value using the Black-Scholes Pricing Model
 based on a volatility rate of 113% and a call option value of $0.2069
 was $121
054
and is being amortized over the approximate three year life of the amended facility. The remaining unamortized balance of those
warrants is $108
190 as of December 31
 2012. The Company recognized a total of $12
864 of interest expense during the year ended
December 31
 2012.

2011
Warrants Granted
On July
26
 2011
 we issued a total of 3
071
250 warrants as part of a Securities Purchase Agreement with multiple accredited investors
that purchased a total of 6
142
500 units at a price of $1.00 per Unit consisting of one share of our common stock and a five-year
warrant to purchase one-half of one share of the Company&#146;s common stock for a total of 3
071
250 shares at an exercise price
of $1.50 per share. The Company may redeem outstanding warrants prior to their expiration
 at a price of $0.01 per share
 provided
that the volume weighted average sale price per share of Common Stock equals or exceeds $2.50 per share for ten (10) consecutive
trading days ending on the third business day prior to the mailing of notice of such redemption and provided that a resale registration
statement with respect to exercise of the warrants is declared effective. In addition
 we issued warrants to the agents to purchase
an aggregate of 307
125 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $1.00 per share to the Agents. Net proceeds
to the Company from the sale of the Units
 after deducting selling commissions and offering expenses
 were approximately $5.6
million. The proceeds received were allocated between the common stock and warrants on a relative fair value basis.

On May
2
 2011
 we entered into a Revolving Credit and Security Agreement (the &#147;Credit Agreement&#148;) with certain lenders (collectively
the &#147;Lenders&#148; and individually a &#147;Lender&#148;) and Prenante5
 LLC
 as agent for the Lenders (PrenAnte5
 LLC
 in
such capacity
 the &#147;Agent&#148;). The facility provided $10 million in financing to be made available for drilling projects
on the Company&#146;s North Dakota Bakken and Three Forks position. The facility was originally available for a period of three
years until it the Company terminated the agreement on April 12
 2012
 over which time we had the ability to draw on the line
seven times
 pay the line down three times
 and terminate the facility without penalty one time. The facility set the minimum
total draw at $500
000 and required The Company
 upon each draw
 to provide the Lender with a compliance certificate that
 along
with other usual and customary financial covenants
 states that the Company had at least twelve months interest coverage on its
balance sheet in cash.

In connection
with the closing of the Credit Agreement on May 2
 2011
 the Company issued to each Lender a five-year warrant to purchase a number
of shares of the Company&#146;s common stock equal to an amount determined by multiplying 500
000 by such Lender&#146;s commitment
percentage. The warrants vest on the earlier of the 1 year anniversary of the grant date (May 2
 2012) or when 50% of the LOC
has been advanced
 and are exercisable until May 1
 2016 at an exercise price of $0.95 per share. The total estimated value using
the Black-Scholes Pricing Model
 based on a volatility rate of 97% and a call option value of $0.7837
 was $391
872
 and was amortized
over the three year life of the credit agreement
 and was accelerated to fully amortize the fair value as of the early termination
date of the agreement on April 12
 2012. The Company recognized a total of $304
788 and $87
084 of interest expense during the
years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.

Warrants
Cancelled
No warrants
were cancelled during 2012 or 2011.

Warrants
Expired
No warrants
expired during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.

Warrants
Exercised
No warrants
were exercised during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.

The following
is a summary of information about the Warrants outstanding at December 31
 2012:




Shares
    Underlying Warrants Outstanding
    
Shares
    Underlying&#160;Warrants Exercisable

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Range
    of Exercise Prices
    
Shares
    Underlying Warrants Outstanding
    
Weighted
    Average Remaining Contractual Life
    
Weighted
    Average Exercise Price
    
Shares
    Underlying Warrants Exercisable
    
Weighted
    Average Exercise Price

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
4
463
375
    
    
    
    
    
4
463
375
    
    


The fair
value of each warrant grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following
weighted-average assumptions used for grants under the fixed option plan:



    
    
December
    31

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Average
    risk-free interest rates
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Average expected
    life (in years)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


The Black-Scholes
option pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of short-term traded options that have no vesting restrictions
and are fully transferable. In addition
 option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions including
expected stock price volatility. Because the Company&#146;s employee stock options have characteristics significantly different
from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate
in management&#146;s opinion the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its
employee stock options. During the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 there were no warrants granted with an exercise price
below the fair value of the underlying stock at the grant date.

The weighted
average fair value of warrants granted with exercise prices at the current fair value of the underlying stock during the years
ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $0.38 and $1.39 per option
 respectively.

The following
is a summary of activity of outstanding warrants:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
of
    Shares
    
    
    
    

Balance
    December 31
 2010
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants
    expired
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants
    cancelled
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants
    granted
    
    
3
878
375
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants
    exercised
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December
    31
 2011
    
    
3
878
375
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants
    expired
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants
    cancelled
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants
    granted
    
    
585
000
    
    
    
    
    

Warrants
    exercised
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December
    31
 2012
    
    
4
463
375
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Exercisable
 December
    31
 2012
    
    
4
463
375
    
    
    
    
    







        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

022
540

917
719


        
        
        


        

603

844


        

527

363


        

530
643

850
536


        

443
482

631


        
        

392
742


        

557
        


        

206

043


        

345
018

919
668


        

322
478)

001
949)


        
        
        


        

872

717


        

193
278)

956)


        
        

075


        

020
759
        


        

874
864)
        


        
        

061)


        
        

986)


        

954
489

211)


        

632
011

163
160)


        

720
601)

680
905


        

911
410

482
255)


        

789
225

882
772


        

061
239

882
772


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 13
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 36
 37
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 11
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment
 which do not qualify for treatment as discontinued operations. This item does not include any gain (loss) recognized on the sale of oil and gas property or timber property.
              
 -Paragraph 37
 41
 42
 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 27
 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 to be received by
 or to be remitted to the entity in settlement of litigation occurring during the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including depreciation and applicable operating costs of support equipment and facilities and other costs of operating and maintaining those wells and related equipment and facilities.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 shares held in treasury) to arrive at the weighted average number of shares outstanding. Weighted average relates to the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares have been issued and outstanding to the total time in that period. Such concept is used in determining the weighted average number of shares outstanding for purposes of calculating earnings per share (basic).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Note
5 &#150; Asset Retirement Obligation

The Company
has asset retirement obligations associated with the future plugging and abandonment of proved properties and related facilities.
Under the provisions of FASB ASC 410-20-25
 the fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation is recorded in the
period in which it is incurred and a corresponding increase in the carrying amount of the related long lived asset. The liability
is accreted to its present value each period
 and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset.
If the liability is settled for an amount other than the recorded amount
 a gain or loss is recognized. The Company has no assets
that are legally restricted for purposes of settling asset retirement obligations.

The following table summarizes
the Company&#146;s asset retirement obligation transactions recorded in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC 410-20-25 during
the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011:



    
    
Years
    ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Beginning
    asset retirement obligation
    
    
3
900
    
    
    
    
    

Liabilities
    incurred for new wells placed in production
    
    
58
688
    
    
    
3
391
    

Accretion
    of discount on asset retirement obligations
    
    
4
557
    
    
    
    
    

Ending
    asset retirement obligation
    
    
67
145
    
    
    
3
900
    







        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 construction or development
 or the normal operations of a long-lived asset
 except for certain obligations of lessees.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Note
4 &#150; Oil and Gas Properties

The following
tables summarize gross and net productive oil wells by state at December 31
 2012 and 2011. A net well represents our percentage
ownership of a gross well. The following tables do not include wells in which our interest is limited to royalty and overriding
royalty interests. The following tables also do not include wells which were awaiting completion
 in the process of completion
or awaiting flow back subsequent to fracture stimulation.



    
    
December
    31
 2012
    
    
December
    31
 2011

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


The Company&#146;s
oil and gas properties consist of all acreage acquisition costs (including cash expenditures and the value of stock consideration)
drilling costs and other associated capitalized costs. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 our principal oil and gas assets included
approximately 12
256 and 10
457 net acres
 respectively
 located in North Dakota and Montana.

The following
table summarizes our capitalized costs for the purchase and development of our oil and gas properties for the years ended December
31
 2012 and 2011:



    
    
Years
    Ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Purchases of oil and gas properties
    and development costs for cash
    
    
21
839
963
    
    
    
12
731
225
    

Purchase of oil and gas properties paid
    subsequent to period-end
    
    
2
618
145
    
    
    
2
422
150
    

Prior year purchase of oil and gas properties
    paid in current year
    
    
(2
422
150
    
    
    
    
    

Purchases of oil and gas properties through
    the issuance of common stock
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
940
269
    

    
    
    
58
688
    
    
    
3
391
    

Total purchase and
    development costs
 oil and gas properties
    
    
22
094
646
    
    
    
20
097
035
    


2012
Acquisitions
During
2012
 the Company purchased approximately 2
306 net mineral acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota and Montana. In consideration
for the assignment of these mineral leases
 we paid the sellers a total of approximately $3
249
347. Of these acquisitions
 110
acres acquired on February 14
 2012 were acquired from the State of North Dakota. The operator of this well has filed a lawsuit
against the state challenging the state&#146;s ownership in these mineral rights. As a result
 we have not capitalized any Authorization
for Expenditure costs (&#147;AFE&#148;) or recognized any sales from this well. In the event the operator is successful in their
litigation with the state
 the state is required to refund our original purchase price for the lease.

2012
Divestitures
During
2012
 the Company sold approximately 506 net mineral acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota for total proceeds of $1
893
649.
No gain or loss was recorded pursuant to the sales.

2011
Acquisitions
During
2011
 the Company purchased approximately 6
867 net mineral acres of oil and gas properties in North Dakota and Montana. In consideration
for the assignment of these mineral leases
 we paid the sellers a total of approximately $12
507
552
 including 3
852
851 shares
of common stock valued at $4
940
269.

2011
Divestitures
On December
30
 2011
 the Company sold a total of approximately 123 net acres at $2
750 per acre for total proceeds of $336
925. No gain or
loss was recorded pursuant to the sale.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a schedule of property
 plant and equipment gross
 additions
 deletions
 transfers and other changes
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 net
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense and useful lives.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
Our consolidated
financial statements are prepared using the accrual method of accounting as generally accepted in the United States of America
(U.S. GAAP) and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).


        
Principles
of Consolidation
The accompanying
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the following entities
 all of which are under common control and ownership:



    
    
State
    of
    
    

Name
    of Entity
    
    
    
    

Black
    Ridge Oil &#38; Gas
 Inc.
    
    
    
    

Poker
    Interests
 LLC
    
    
    
    


&#160;Wholly-owned
subsidiary.

The consolidated
financial statements herein contain the operations of the wholly-owned subsidiary listed above. All significant inter-company
transactions have been eliminated in the preparation of these financial statements. The parent company
 Black Ridge Oil &#38;
Gas
 Inc. and subsidiary
 Poker Interests
 LLC will be collectively referred to herein as the &#147;Company&#148;
 or &#147;Black
Ridge&#148;. The Company's headquarters are located in Minnetonka
 Minnesota and substantially all of its operations are within
the United States.

These
statements reflect all adjustments
 consisting of normal recurring adjustments
 which in the opinion of management are necessary
for fair presentation of the information contained therein.


        
Segment
Reporting
FASB ASC
280-10-50 requires annual and interim reporting for an enterprise&#146;s operating segments and related disclosures about its
products
 services
 geographic areas and major customers. An operating segment is defined as a component of an enterprise that
engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and expenses
 and about which separate financial information is
regularly evaluated by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources. The Company operates as a single
segment and will evaluate additional segment disclosure requirements as it expands its operations.


        
        
In the
current year
 the Company separately classified debt issuance costs in the financial statements. For comparative purposes
 amounts
in prior periods have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation.


        
Use
of Estimates
The preparation
of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.

The oil
and gas industry is subject
 by its nature
 to environmental hazards and clean-up costs. At this time
 management knows of no
substantial losses from environmental accidents or events for which the Company may be currently liable.


        
Cash
and Cash Equivalents
Cash equivalents
include money market accounts which have maturities of three months or less. For the purpose of the statements of cash flows
all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less are considered to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents
are stated at cost plus accrued interest
 which approximates market value. Cash and cash equivalents consist of the following:



    
    
December
    31

    
    
December
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
513
788
    
    
    
474
314
    

    
    
    
903
552
    
    
    
926
827
    

    
    
    
1
417
340
    
    
    
1
401
141
    



        
Cash in Excess of FDIC and
SIPC Insured Limits
The Company
maintains its cash in bank deposit accounts which
 at times
 may exceed federally insured limits. Accounts are guaranteed by the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) and the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) up to $250
000 and $500
000
respectively
 under current regulations. The Company had approximately $917
340 and $402
952 in excess of FDIC and SIPC insured
limits at December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts.


        
        
Debt
Issuance Costs
Costs relating
to obtaining certain debts are capitalized and amortized over the term of the related debt using the straight-line method
 which
approximates the effective interest method. The Company paid $796
233 and $66
921 of debt issuance costs during the years ended
December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
 of which the unamortized balance of debt issuance costs at December 31
 2012 and 2011
was $657
702 and $52
049
 respectively. Amortization of debt issuance costs charged to interest expense was $190
580 and $14
872
for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. When a loan is paid in full
 any unamortized financing costs are
removed from the related accounts and charged to interest expense.


        
        
The Company
accounts for website development costs in accordance with ASC 350-50
 &#147;Accounting for Website Development Costs&#148; (&#147;ASC
350-50&#148;)
 wherein website development costs are segregated into three activities:



    
    
Initial stage (planning)
    whereby the related costs are expensed.




    
    
Development (web
    application
 infrastructure
 graphics)
 whereby the related costs are capitalized and amortized once the website is ready
    for use. Costs for development content of the website may be expensed or capitalized depending on the circumstances of the
    expenditures.




    
    
Post-implementation
    (after site is up and running: security
 training
 admin)
 whereby the related costs are expensed as incurred. Upgrades are
    usually expensed
 unless they add additional functionality.


We have
capitalized a total of $56
660 of website development costs from inception through December 31
 2012. We have recognized depreciation
expense on these website costs of $18
630 and $3
507 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.


        
        
The Company
recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities based on differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and
liabilities using the enacted tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to be recovered.
The Company provides a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for which it does not consider realization of such assets to
be more likely than not.


        
Fair
Value of Financial Instruments
Under
FASB ASC 820-10-05
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted
accounting principles and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. This Statement reaffirms that fair value is the relevant
measurement attribute. The adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on the Company&#146;s financial statements
as reflected herein. The carrying amounts of cash
 accounts payable and accrued expenses reported on the balance sheets are estimated
by management to approximate fair value primarily due to the short term nature of the instruments.&#160;The Company had no items
that required fair value measurement on a recurring basis.


        
Non-Oil
&#38; Gas Property and Equipment
Property
and equipment that are not oil and gas properties are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over their
estimated useful lives of three to seven years. Expenditures for replacements
 renewals
 and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance
and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Long-lived assets
 other than oil and gas properties
 are evaluated for impairment
to determine if current circumstances and market conditions indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company has
not recognized any impairment losses on non-oil and gas long-lived assets. Depreciation expense was $24
206 and $14
043 for the
years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.


        
Revenue Recognition and
Gas Balancing
The Company
recognizes oil and gas revenues from its interests in producing wells when production is delivered to
 and title has transferred
to
 the purchaser and to the extent the selling price is reasonably determinable. The Company uses the sales method of accounting
for gas balancing of gas production and would recognize a liability if the existing proven reserves were not adequate to cover
the current imbalance situation.


        
        
The Company
records the fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation in the period in which the well is spud or the asset
is acquired and a corresponding increase in the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset. The liability is accreted to
its present value each period
 and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. If the liability
is settled for an amount other than the recorded amount
 a gain or loss is recognized.


        
        
The Company
follows the full cost method of accounting for oil and gas operations whereby all costs related to the exploration and development
of oil and gas properties are initially capitalized into a single cost center (&#34;full cost pool&#34;). Such costs include land
acquisition costs
 geological and geophysical expenses
 carrying charges on non-producing properties
 costs of drilling directly
related to acquisition
 and exploration activities. Internal costs that are capitalized are directly attributable to acquisition
exploration and development activities and do not include costs related to the production
 general corporate overhead or similar
activities. Costs associated with production and general corporate activities are expensed in the period incurred. Capitalized
costs are summarized as follows for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively:



    
    
Years
    Ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Capitalized Certain Payroll
    and Other Internal Costs
    
    
172
503
    
    
    
138
591
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
172
503
    
    
    
138
591
    


Proceeds
from property sales will generally be credited to the full cost pool
 with no gain or loss recognized
 unless such a sale would
significantly alter the relationship between capitalized costs and the proved reserves attributable to these costs. A significant
alteration would typically involve a sale of 20% or more of the proved reserves related to a single full cost pool. During the
year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company sold approximately 509 net acres for total proceeds of $1
893
649. During the year ended
December 31
 2011
 the Company sold approximately 123 net acres for total proceeds of $336
925. The Company assesses all items
classified as unevaluated property on a quarterly basis for possible impairment or reduction in value. The assessment includes
consideration of the following factors
 among others: intent to drill; remaining lease term; geological and geophysical evaluations;
drilling results and activity; the assignment of proved reserves; and the economic viability of development if proved reserves
are assigned. During any period in which these factors indicate an impairment
 the cumulative drilling costs incurred to date
for such property and all or a portion of the associated leasehold costs are transferred to the full cost pool and are then subject
to amortization.

Capitalized
costs associated with impaired properties and properties having proved reserves
 estimated future development costs
 and asset
retirement costs under FASB ASC 410-20-25 are depleted and amortized on the unit-of-production method based on the estimated gross
proved reserves as determined by independent petroleum engineers. The costs of unproved properties are withheld from the depletion
base until such time as they are either developed or abandoned.

Capitalized
costs of oil and gas properties (net of related deferred income taxes) may not exceed an amount equal to the present value
 discounted
at 10% per annum
 of the estimated future net cash flows from proved oil and gas reserves plus the cost of unproved properties
(adjusted for related income tax effects). Should capitalized costs exceed this ceiling
 impairment is recognized. The present
value of estimated future net cash flows is computed by applying the arithmetic average first day price of oil and natural gas
for the preceding twelve months to estimated future production of proved oil and gas reserves as of the end of the period
 less
estimated future expenditures to be incurred in developing and producing the proved reserves and assuming continuation of existing
economic conditions. Such present value of proved reserves' future net cash flows excludes future cash outflows associated with
settling asset retirement obligations. Should this comparison indicate an excess carrying value
 the excess is charged to earnings
as an impairment expense. We recognized $-0- and $2
392
742 of impairment costs during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
respectively.


        
        
Our revenue
is solely derived from oil and gas sales to various purchasers
 the market for which has very inelastic demand. Due to this
 we
didn&#146;t consider any purchasers to represent a material concentration to our sales for the years ended December 31
 2012
or 2011
 as we believe any of our customers could easily be replaced.

Since
we do not operate any of our wells
 we depend on our drilling partner operators to perform the drilling and other operating
activities required for all sales of oil and gas. These operators are also responsible for remitting to us our revenue
proceeds and billing us for drilling costs and lease operating expenses incurred. We had material concentrations of accounts
receivable owed from two (2) and three (3) operators during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
representing 44% and 80% of total oil and gas revenues and 28% and 65% of total oil and gas accounts receivable as of
December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 we had 66 and 24 gross producing wells
respectively
 and 2.30 and 0.68 net producing wells
 respectively. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 these two (2) and three
(3) operating partners operated 38% and 46% of these gross producing wells
 respectively.


        
        
FASB ASC
360-10-35-21 requires that assets to be held and used be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Oil and gas properties accounted for using the full cost method of
accounting (which the Company uses) are excluded from this requirement but continue to be subject to the full cost method's impairment
rules.

FASB ASC
310-40 requires that impaired loans be measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan&#146;s
effective interest rate or
 as a practical expedient
 at the loan&#146;s observable market price or the fair value of the collateral
if the loan is collateral dependent.


        
Basic
and Diluted Loss Per Share
Basic
earnings per share (&#147;EPS&#148;) are computed by dividing net income (the numerator) by the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding for the period (the denominator). Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number
of common shares and potential common shares outstanding (if dilutive) during each period. Potential common shares include stock
options
 warrants and restricted stock. The number of potential common shares outstanding relating to stock options
 warrants
and restricted stock is computed using the treasury stock method.

The reconciliation of the denominators
used to calculate basic EPS and diluted EPS for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 are as follows:



    
    
Year
    Ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted
    average common shares outstanding &#150; basic
    
    
47
789
225
    
    
    
42
882
772
    

Plus: Potentially
    dilutive common shares:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock
    options and warrants
    
    
272
014
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted average
    common shares outstanding &#150; diluted
    
    
48
061
239
    
    
    
42
882
772
    


Stock options and warrants excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS because
their effect was antidilutive were 7
513
709 and 6
047
375 as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.


        
Stock-Based
Compensation
The Company
adopted FASB guidance on stock based compensation upon inception at April 9
 2010. Under FASB ASC 718-10-30-2
 all share-based
payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 are to be recognized in the income statement based on their
fair values. Pro forma disclosure is no longer an alternative. Amortization of the fair values of common stock and stock options
issued for services and compensation totaled $1
288
448 and $753
860 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
including $438
539 and $43
120
 respectively
 of common stock valued at the fair market value based on the Company&#146;s closing
trading price on the date of grant. The fair values of stock options were determined using the Black-Scholes options pricing model
and an effective term of 6 to 6.5 years based on the weighted average of the vesting periods and the stated term of the option
grants and the discount rate on 5 to 7 year U.S. Treasury securities at the grant date and are being amortized over the related
implied service term
 or vesting period.


        
        
Effective
upon inception at April 9
 2010
 the Company adopted new standards for accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. These standards
prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position
taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. These standards also provide guidance on de-recognition
 classification
 interest
and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure
 and transition.

Various
taxing authorities periodically audit the Company&#146;s income tax returns. These audits include questions regarding the Company&#146;s
tax filing positions
 including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income to various tax jurisdictions.
In evaluating the exposures connected with these various tax filing positions
 including state and local taxes
 the Company records
allowances for probable exposures. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter
 for which an allowance has been established
is audited and fully resolved. The Company
 Inc. has not yet undergone an examination by any taxing authorities. The Company had
indemnified Voyager Oil and Gas (Ante4)
 however
 for any unrecognized liabilities which was limited to $2
500
000
 and terminated
on or about April 15
 2012
 subject to customary exceptions from these limitations. In July of 2011 the Internal Revenue Service
completed an examination of federal income tax returns of Voyager Oil and Gas (Ante4) for the years ended January 3
 2010 and
December 28
 2008. As a result of the examination we reimbursed Voyager Oil and Gas for their payments of $11
417 of federal taxes
and
 based on the federal examination
 amended state returns in California that totalled an additional $48
666 in state taxes.
In addition
 we reimbursed Voyager Oil and Gas for their payments of an additional $37
903 in California payroll taxes related
to an underpayment by Ante4 from 2010.

The assessment
of the Company&#146;s tax position relies on the judgment of management to estimate the exposures associated with the Company&#146;s
various filing positions.


        
Recent
Accounting Pronouncements


Fair
Value Measurement
 the FASB issued Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820) &#151; Amendments to Achieve
Common Fair Value Measurement and Disclosure Requirements in U.S. GAAP and IFRSs (ASU 2011-04)
 which provides clarifications
regarding existing fair value measurement principles and disclosure requirements
 and also specific new guidance for items such
as measurement of instruments classified within stockholders&#146; equity. These requirements were effective for interim and annual
periods beginning after December 15
 2011. We implemented the accounting and disclosure guidance effective January 1
 2012
 and
the implementation did not have a material impact on our financial statements. For required fair value measurement disclosures
see Note 7.

Comprehensive
Income
 the FASB issued Comprehensive Income (Topic 220) &#151; Presentation of Comprehensive Income
(ASU 2011-05)
 which requires the presentation of the components of net income
 the components of OCI and total comprehensive
income in either a single continuous financial statement of comprehensive income or in two separate
 but consecutive financial
statements of net income and comprehensive income. These updates do not affect the items reported in OCI or the guidance for reclassifying
such items to net income. These requirements were effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15
 2011.
We implemented the financial statement presentation guidance effective January 1
 2012. The adoption of ASU 2011-05 did not have
a material impact on our financial position or results of operations.


Balance
Sheet Offsetting
 the FASB issued Balance Sheet (Topic 210) &#151; Disclosures about Offsetting
Assets and Liabilities (ASU 2011-11)
 which requires disclosures regarding netting arrangements in agreements underlying derivatives
certain financial instruments and related collateral amounts
 and the extent to which an entity&#146;s financial statement presentation
policies related to netting arrangements impact amounts recorded to the financial statements. These disclosure requirements do
not affect the presentation of amounts in the balance sheets
 and are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after
January 1
 2013
 and interim periods within those annual reporting periods. We do not expect the implementation of this disclosure
guidance to have a material impact on our financial statements.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements
Not Yet Adopted
Various
accounting standards and interpretations were issued in 2012 with effective dates subsequent to December 31
 2012. We have evaluated
the recently issued accounting pronouncements that are effective in 2013 and believe that none of them will have a material effect
on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows when adopted.

Further
we are monitoring the joint standard-setting efforts of the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the International Accounting
Standards Board. There are a large number of pending accounting standards that are being targeted for completion in 2013 and beyond
including
 but not limited to
 standards relating to revenue recognition
 accounting for leases
 fair value measurements
 accounting
for financial instruments
 disclosure of loss contingencies and financial statement presentation. Because these pending standards
have not yet been finalized
 at this time we are not able to determine the potential future impact that these standards will have
if any
 on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 abandonment
 recycling
 or disposal in some other manner) of a tangible long-lived asset that result from the acquisition
 construction
 or development and (or) the normal operation of a long-lived asset. This accounting policy disclosure excludes obligations arising 1) in connection with leased property
 whether imposed by a lease agreement or by a party other than the lessor
 that meet the definition of either minimum lease payments or contingent rentals; 2) solely from a plan to sell or otherwise dispose of a long-lived asset and 3) from certain environmental remediation liabilities.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 11
 13
 14
 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
 -Paragraph 7
 8
 9
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 14
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Section 02
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6
 8-16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 10
 12
 13
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 7-15
 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6-34
 43
 47
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 uncertain tax positions) and other types of contingencies related to income taxes.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment which may include the basis of such assets
 depreciation methods used and estimated useful lives
 the entity's capitalization policy
 including its accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance activities
 whether such asset balances include capitalized interest and the method by which such is calculated
 how disposals of such assets are accounted for and how impairment of such assets is assessed and recognized.
              
 -Paragraph 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may be different from classifications in the prior year's financial statements. Disclose any material changes in classification including an explanation of the reason for the change and the areas impacted.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
Note 12 &#150;
Other Income

On
December 28
 2011
 we recognized a gain of $1
924 related to the sale of oil and gas equipment.

At
various dates between July 15
 2011 and December 21
 2011
 we recognized gains from settlements with vendors in the total amount
of $36
151
 representing disputed billings amounts outstanding prior to December 31
 2010.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 include amounts earned from dividends
 interest on securities
 profits (losses) on securities
 net and miscellaneous other income or income deductions.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.3
6
7
 -Paragraph 3
 6
 7
 9
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Note
8 &#150;Revolving Credit Facilities

PrenAnte5
LLC Revolving credit facility
On May
2
 2011
 we entered into a Revolving Credit and Security Agreement (the &#147;Credit Agreement&#148;) with certain lenders (collectively
the &#147;Lenders&#148; and individually a &#147;Lender&#148;) and Prenante5
 LLC
 as agent for the Lenders (PrenAnte5
 LLC
 in
such capacity
 the &#147;Agent&#148;). The facility provided $10 million in financing to be made available for drilling projects
on the Company&#146;s North Dakota Bakken and Three Forks position. The facility terms stated it would be available for a period
of three years over which time we may draw on the line seven times
 pay the line down three times
 and terminate the facility
without penalty one time. The facility set the minimum total draw at $500
000 and required the Company
 upon each draw
 to provide
the Lender with a compliance certificate that
 along with other usual and customary financial covenants
 stated that the Company
has at least twelve months interest coverage on its balance sheet in cash. We received our first draw of $2
000
000 on February
24
 2012
 and subsequently repaid the balance plus accrued interest of $51
722 on April 12
 2012 when we terminated the revolving
credit facility.

Dougherty
Funding
 LLC Revolving credit facility
On April
4
 2012
 the Company entered into a Secured Revolving Credit Agreement with Dougherty Funding
 LLC as Lender which was subsequently
amended on September 5
 2012 with an Amended and Restated Secured Revolving Credit Agreement (collectively the &#147;Credit Facility&#148;).
Under the terms of the amended Credit Facility
 up to $20
000
000 maximum is available from time to time (i) to fund
 or to reimburse
the Company for
 the Company&#146;s pro-rata share of development and production costs for oil wells that relate to the Company&#146;s
oil and gas leasehold interests for which there is a valid and enforceable Authorization for Expenditure and that are incurred
from and after the date of the Credit Facility
 and (ii) to reimburse the Company for amounts that the Company paid from its own
funds or from funds that it borrowed under its previous credit facility from Prenante5
 LLC as agent pursuant to the Revolving
Credit and Security Agreement dated May 2
 2011 (the &#147;Previous Credit Facility&#148;). Of the $20 million Credit Facility
$16.5 million is currently available. If the Company has not successfully completed an equity offering of at least $10
000
000
by August 31
 2014
 then advances will no longer be available under the Credit Facility.

Interest
on the unpaid principal balance of the Credit Facility accrues and is payable monthly at 9.25% per year. The Company must also
pay the Lender quarterly a commitment fee in an amount equal to 0.25% of the average line of credit available
 but not advanced
for the previous quarter. The Company must make payments equal to 90% of the Company&#146;s earnings before taxes
 depreciation
and amortization (excluding certain items as defined in the Credit Agreement) on a quarterly basis as a principal payment on the
loan.

The Credit
Facility is secured by substantially all of the Company&#146;s assets and has typical representations and warranties
 covenants
and events of default
 including
 subject to certain exceptions
 incurrence of additional indebtedness. The Credit Agreement requires
that the Company meet certain conditions to obtain additional advances under the Credit Facility
 including providing certain
documentation related to the Company&#146;s oil and gas properties. The Lender has the right to approve advances for properties
which are not held by production. In addition
 the Company must maintain available cash and specified cash equivalents in an amount
that is not less than the greater of (i) $300
000 and (ii) 12 months&#146; then-regularly scheduled payments of interest on the
outstanding amount of advances.

The Credit
Facility will mature on August 1
 2015. The Credit Facility may be prepaid with thirty (30) days written notice at any time. In
connection with the amended financing
 the Company agreed to issue Dougherty Funding
 LLC warrants to purchase up to 900
000 shares
of the Company&#146;s common stock
 of which 585
000 shares have currently been issued
 at an exercise price of $0.38. The warrants
expire on August 31
 2015.

We took
our first draw on April 12
 2012 of $2
450
000
 and used $2
051
722 of the proceeds to repay and terminate our outstanding PrenAnte5
revolving credit facility
 including interest of $51
722.

Revolving
credit facility consisted of the following as of December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011
 respectively:



PrenAnte5
    LLC Revolving Credit Facility
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Dougherty Funding
 LLC Revolving
    Credit Facility
    
    
5
748
844
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
748
844
    
    
    
    
    


The following
presents components of interest expense by instrument type for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively:



    
    
Year
    Ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

PrenAnte5 Revolving
    Credit Facility
 interest
    
    
51
722
    
    
    
    
    

PrenAnte5 Revolving Credit
    Facility
 finance charges
    
    
52
049
    
    
    
14
872
    

PrenAnte5 Revolving Credit
    Facility
 warrant costs
    
    
304
788
    
    
    
87
084
    

Dougherty Revolving Credit
    Facility
 interest
    
    
633
324
    
    
    
    
    

Dougherty Revolving Credit
    Facility
 finance charges
    
    
138
531
    
    
    
    
    

Dougherty Revolving Credit
    Facility
 warrant costs
    
    
12
864
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
193
278
    
    
    
101
956
    







        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Note
6 &#150; Litigation Settlements and Contingent Consideration Receivable

Peerless
Settlement
As a result
of a transaction between Ante4
 Inc. (&#147;Ante4&#148;) and Peerless Media Ltd. (&#147;Peerless&#148;) during fiscal year 2009
pursuant to which
 Ante4 sold substantially all of its operating assets (the &#147;Transaction&#148;) and a spin-off on April
16
 2010 to Ante5
 Inc.
 now Black Ridge Oil &#38; Gas
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 the Company was entitled to receive
 in
perpetuity
 5% of gross gaming revenue and 5% of other revenue of Peerless generated by Ante4&#146;s former business and assets
that were sold to Peerless in the Transaction
 subject to a 5% commission presented as Royalties Payable on the balance sheet.
Peerless had guaranteed a minimum payment to the Company of $3 million for such revenue over the three-year period following the
closing of the Transaction on November 2
 2009. The Company prepared a discounted cash flow model to determine an estimated fair
value of this portion of the purchase price as of November 2
 2009. This value was recorded on the balance sheet of Ante4. In
connection with the spin-off described above
 on April 16
 2010 Ante4 distributed this asset to its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Ante5
Inc.
 which was spun-off and a registration statement was filed on Form 10-12/A
 along with an Information Statement with the
Securities and Exchange Commission for the purpose of spinning off the Ante5 shares from Ante4
 Inc. to its stockholders of record
on April 15
 2010. The following is a summary of the contingency consideration receivable and related royalties payable through
December 31
 2012:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
    spun-off
 April 16
 2010
    
7
532
985
    
    
(415
000)
    
    
7
117
985

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    royalties received and commissions paid
    
(182
335)
    
    
11
343
    
    
(170
992)

Fair
    value adjustment
    
(878
650)
    
    
80
057
    
    
(798
593)

Balance
    December 31
 2010
    
6
472
000
    
    
(323
600)
    
    
6
148
400

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    royalties received and commissions paid
    
(463
398)
    
    
23
169
    
    
(440
229)

&#160;&#160;&#160;Balance
    December 31
 2011
    
6
008
602
    
    
(300
431)
    
    
5
708
171

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    royalties received and commissions paid
    
(529
361)
    
    
26
468
    
    
(502
893)

Elimination
    of the contingent receivable due to settlement agreement
    
(5
479
241)
    
    
&#160;273
963
    
    
(5
205
278)

Balance
    December 31
 2012
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


On September
27
 2012
 the Company entered into a settlement agreement with Peerless and ElectraWorks
 Ltd. (&#147;ElectraWorks&#148;) to settle
all claims regarding Peerless&#146;s performance of obligations with respect to the business purchased by Peerless from Ante4
Inc. in November 2009 (the &#34;Litigation&#34;). The Litigation was pending before Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services
(JAMS) in Los Angeles
 California. Under the settlement agreement
 Peerless/ElectraWorks will pay the Company $13.5 million
 of
which $11
000
000 was received by the Company in 2012 and the remaining $2.5 million is payable on or before December 31
 2013.
In addition
 Peerless/ElectraWorks will make payments to the Company upon certain contingencies related to the passage of federal
or state legislation permitting real money online poker and Peerless/ElectraWorks or one of their affiliates obtaining such a
license. The maximum amount of these contingent payments is $6.5 million with the amount determined based on how such legislation
is enacted. Under the settlement agreement the Company has released its rights to the royalty stream and no further payments are
due from Peerless/ElectraWorks other than those set forth in the settlement agreement.

The Company
is paying attorneys&#146; fees of $2 million
 of which $1.84 million was paid in 2012
 as well as various costs out of the proceeds.
In addition
 as a result of an incentive arrangement with Steve Lipscomb
 a former officer of the Company that was approved by
WPT Enterprises
 Inc.&#146;s Board of Directors in February 2009
 Mr. Lipscomb is receiving 5% of the settlement payments
 net
of attorneys&#146; fees and other costs; as such amounts are received by the Company.

As of
December 31
 2012
 Company has recorded a receivable of $2.5 million for the remaining litigation settlement and payables of $160
000
and $116
233 related to remaining contingent attorneys&#146; fees payable and amounts due Mr. Lipscomb
 respectively. The contingent
consideration receivable of $5
479
241 and the royalty payable of $273
963 as of the settlement date were relieved as a part of
the settlement resulting in a net gain of $5
745
895. The Company has expensed non-contingent expenses and fees associated with
pursuing the settlement as those expenses and fees were incurred amounting to $333
176 and $165
251 for the years ended December
31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.

Deloitte
&#38; Touche Settlement
On October
5
 2012
 the Company and other parties entered into a settlement agreement with Deloitte &#38; Touche
 LLP (&#34;Deloitte &#38;
Touche&#34;) to settle all claims between the parties arising out of the case of WPT Enterprises
 Inc. v. Deloitte &#38; Touche
before the Superior Court of the State of California
 County of Los Angeles (the &#34;Litigation&#34;). The claims in the Litigation
were assigned to the Company as part of the Company&#146;s distribution (spin-off) agreement with Ante4
 Inc. On November 1
 2012
after satisfying obligations to various parties
 including litigation counsel
 the Company received $5.4 million of net proceeds
under the settlement agreement as its share of the settlement proceeds
 representing $9 million of settlement income and $3.6
million of related legal fees. The parties agreed to stipulate to the dismissal of the Litigation and to a mutual release of all
claims. The Company has expensed non-contingent expenses and fees associated with pursuing the settlement as those expenses and
fees were incurred amounting to $37
758 and $35
315 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Note
7 &#150; Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The Company
adopted FASB ASC 820-10 upon inception at April 9
 2010. Under FASB ASC 820-10-5
 fair value is defined as the price that would
be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date (an exit price). The standard outlines a valuation framework and creates a fair value hierarchy in order to increase the
consistency and comparability of fair value measurements and the related disclosures. Under GAAP
 certain assets and liabilities
must be measured at fair value
 and FASB ASC 820-10-50 details the disclosures that are required for items measured at fair value.

The Company
has cash and cash equivalents and a revolving credit facility that must be measured under the fair value standard. The Company&#146;s
financial assets and liabilities are measured using inputs from the three levels of the fair value hierarchy. The three levels
are as follows:

Level
1 - Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability
to access at the measurement date.

Level
2 - Inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 quoted prices for identical or similar
assets or liabilities in markets that are not active
 inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability
(e.g.
 interest rates
 yield curves
 etc.)
 and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market
data by correlation or other means (market corroborated inputs).

Level
3 - Unobservable inputs that reflect our assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset
or liability.

The following
schedule summarizes the valuation of financial instruments at fair value on a recurring basis in the balances sheet as of December
31
 2012 and 2011:



    
    
Fair
    Value Measurements at December 31
 2012
    

    
    
Level
    1
    
    
Level
    2
    
    
Level
    3
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
417
340
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
417
340
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
748
844
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
748
844
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
417
340
    
    
    
(5
748
844
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
Fair
    Value Measurements at December 31
 2011
    

    
    
Level
    1
    
    
Level
    2
    
    
Level
    3
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
401
141
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
401
141
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
401
141
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


There
were no transfers of financial assets or liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 inputs for the years ended December 31
 2012
and 2011.

Level
2 liabilities consist of revolving credit facilities. No fair value adjustment was necessary during the years ended December 31
2012 and 2011.






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.
              
 -Paragraph 15C
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 44A
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 3
 10
 14
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 17-22
 27
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 32
 33
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Note
9 &#150; Stockholders&#146; Equity

Preferred
Stock
On April
9
 2010 (inception) the Company authorized 20
000
000 shares of $0.001 par value preferred stock. No shares have been issued to
date.

Common
Stock
On April
9
 2010 (inception) the Company authorized 100
000
000 shares of $0.001 par value common stock.

On December
10
 2012
 the Company reincorporated into the state of Nevada. In conjunction with the reincorporation
 the Company increased
the number of authorized shares of common stock from 100
000
000 to 500
000
000.

On April
30
 2012
 the Company issued 577
025 shares of common stock in satisfaction of a subscription payable granted on March 22
 2012
as part of a deposit on the purchase of certain oil and gas mineral leases
 which was subsequently terminated on June 1
 2012.
The shares were non-refundable in the event that we decided not to close the purchase. As a result
 the $438
539 fair value of
the shares was expensed on June 1
 2012 and is presented within general and administrative expense in our condensed statements
of operations.

On August
9
 2011 the Company&#146;s Board of Directors issued 44
000 shares of restricted common stock to an independent contractor for
investor relations services provided. The total fair value of the common stock was $43
120 based on the closing price of the Company&#146;s
common stock on the date of grant.

On July
26
 2011
 we closed on a Securities Purchase Agreement (the &#147;Purchase Agreement&#148;) with multiple accredited investors
(the &#147;Purchasers&#148;) to sell 6
142
500 units (&#147;Units&#148;) at a price of $1.00 per Unit
 with each Unit consisting
of one share of our common stock and a five-year warrant to purchase one-half of one share of the Company&#146;s common stock
for a total of 3
071
250 shares at an exercise price of $1.50 per share (the &#147;Offering&#148;). The Company may redeem outstanding
warrants prior to their expiration
 at a price of $0.01 per share
 provided that the volume weighted average sale price per share
of Common Stock equals or exceeds $2.50 per share for ten (10) consecutive trading days ending on the third business day prior
to the mailing of notice of such redemption and provided that a resale registration statement with respect to exercise of the
warrants is declared effective. Net proceeds to the Company from the sale of the Units
 after deducting selling commissions and
offering expenses
 were approximately $5.6 million. The proceeds received were allocated between the common stock and warrants
on a relative fair value basis.

The Company
agreed to pay the agents in connection with this offering an aggregate fee equal to 7.0% of the gross proceeds from the sale of
the Units in the Offering. Additionally
 the Company issued warrants to the agents to purchase an aggregate of 307
125 shares
of the Company&#146;s common stock at an exercise price of $1.00 per share to the Agents (the &#147;Agents&#146; Warrants&#148;).

On July
7
 2011 a total of 12
000 options were exercised at various prices between $0.05 and $0.29 per share
 resulting in the receipt
of total proceeds of $1
680.

On May
18
 2011 a total of 24
000 options were exercised at various prices between $0.05 and $0.51 per share by our former CEO in exchange
for total proceeds of $7
800.

On April
28
 2011
 the Company acquired a total of 3
837 net mineral acres of undeveloped oil and gas properties located in Dunn County
North Dakota. In consideration for the assignment of these mineral leases
 the Company paid a total of $2
685
900 of cash and
issued 2
302
200 shares of our common stock. The fair value of the common stock exchanged was $2
578
464 based on the closing
stock price at the date of agreement.

On April
5
 2011
 the Company acquired a total of 116 net mineral acres of undeveloped oil and gas properties located in Mountrail and
Williams Counties within North Dakota. In consideration for the assignment of these mineral leases
 the Company paid a total of
$145
025 of cash and issued 55
689 shares of our common stock. The fair value of the common stock exchanged was $70
725 based
on the closing stock price at the date of agreement.

On March
18
 2011 a total of 24
000 options were exercised at various prices between $0.05 and $0.51 per share for total proceeds of $7
800.
The shares were subsequently issued on April 4
 2011.

On March
16
 2011
 we closed an asset purchase agreement with certain sellers under which we acquired the sellers&#146; ownership interest
in several mineral leases covering approximately 1
105 net acres of undeveloped oil and gas properties and 20 net acres of developed
producing properties in Mountrail
 Williams and Burke Counties in North Dakota in the Williston Basin. In consideration for their
assignment of the mineral leases
 we paid the sellers a total of $1
372
787 of cash and issued to them 871
960 shares of our common
stock
 and issued an additional 400
000 shares of our common stock to an unaffiliated designee of the sellers. The fair value
of the common stock exchanged was $1
933
379 based on the closing stock price at the date of agreement.

On February
28
 2011
 we closed an asset purchase agreement with certain sellers under which we acquired the sellers&#146; ownership interest
in several mineral leases covering approximately 732 net acres of oil and gas properties in Williams
 Mountrail
 Dunn
 Burke
Billings
 Golden Valley
 McKenzie and Stark counties in North Dakota. In consideration for their assignment of these mineral leases
we paid the sellers a total of $821
270 of cash and issued to them 205
050 shares of our common stock. The fair value of the common
stock exchanged was $328
080 based on the closing stock price at the date of agreement.

On February
11
 2011 we acquired additional oil and gas acreage from three unaffiliated sellers in two separate transactions encompassing
mineral leases covering a total of approximately 117 net acres in Mountrail
 Williams and Dunn counties in North Dakota for which
we paid total cash of $215
975 and issued a total of 17
952 shares of our common stock. The fair value of the common stock exchanged
was $29
621 based on the closing stock price at the date of agreement.

Adjustments
to Additional Paid In Capital
During
2012
 the Company relieved total liabilities of $183
015 from accounts payable incurred prior to our spin-off from Ante4
 Inc.
on April 16
 2010. These liabilities were tested in the current year and determined not to be validly owed liabilities by Ante4
Inc. Our indemnification agreement pursuant to the spin-off terminated during 2012 and we no longer bear any liability for unclaimed
liabilities. The original transactions did not have an impact on our statements of operations. As a result
 the adjustment did
not affect current period income.

Potential
Reverse Stock Split
Our Board
approved resolutions authorizing the Company to implement a reverse stock split of the Company&#146;s outstanding shares of Common
Stock at a ratio of up to 1:10 and any related amendment to the Company&#146;s certificate of incorporation. Our stockholders
have also approved the amendment by written consent.

Our Board
of Directors or a committee of the Board of Directors has the authority to decide whether to implement a reverse stock split and
the exact amount of the split within the foregoing range
 if it is to be implemented. If the reverse split is implemented
 the
number of issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock would be reduced in accordance with the exchange ratio selected by the
Board of Directors or a committee thereof. The total number of authorized shares of Common Stock will be reduced proportionately
as a result of the reverse stock split and the total number of shares of authorized preferred stock will remain unchanged at 20
000
000
shares.

We believe
that a reverse split would
 among other things
 (i) better enable the Company to obtain a listing on a national securities exchange
(ii) facilitate higher levels of institutional stock ownership
 where investment policies generally prohibit investments in lower-priced
securities and (iii) better enable the Company to raise funds to finance its planned operations. There can be no assurance however
that we will be able to obtain a listing on a national securities exchange even if we implement the reverse stock split.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 if any
 including other comprehensive income (as applicable).  Including
 but not limited to: (1) balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings; (2) accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and total amount of comprehensive income; (3) amount and nature of changes in separate accounts
 including the number of shares authorized and outstanding
 number of shares issued upon exercise and conversion
 and for other comprehensive income
 the adjustments for reclassifications to net income; (4) rights and privileges of each class of stock authorized; (5) basis of treasury stock
 if other than cost
 and amounts paid and accounting treatment for treasury stock purchased significantly in excess of market; (6) dividends paid or payable per share and in the aggregate for each class of stock for each period presented; (7) dividend restrictions and accumulated preferred dividends in arrears (in aggregate and per share amount); (8) retained earnings appropriations or restrictions
 such as dividend restrictions; (9) impact of change in accounting principle
 initial adoption of new accounting principle and correction of an error in previously issued financial statements; (10) shares held in trust for Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP); (11) deferred compensation related to issuance of capital stock; (12) note received for issuance of stock; (13) unamortized discount on shares; (14) description
 terms
 and number of warrants or rights outstanding; (15) shares under subscription and subscription receivables
 effective date of new retained earnings after quasi-reorganization and deficit eliminated by quasi-reorganization and
 for a period of at least ten years after the effective date
 the point in time from which the new retained dates; and (16) retroactive effective of subsequent change in capital structure.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

789
225

882
772


        
        
        


        

014
        


        

061
239

882
772




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

466
977

932
099


        

761

229


        

943

464


        

535

498


        

387
216

321
290


        
        
        


Ceiling test impairment
 intangible drilling costs and other exploration costs capitalized for financial reporting purposes

630
903)

731
321)


        
        

192
619)


        

192)

752)


        

646
095)

945
692)


        

258
879)

402)


        

817)

693)


        

732
696)

012
095)




        
          

        
          
            

 deferred revenue
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment.
              
 -Subparagraph d
 e
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Note 14
&#150; Commitments and Contingencies

The Company
is involved in various inquiries
 administrative proceedings and litigation relating to matters arising in the normal course of
business. The Company is not currently a defendant in any material litigation and is not aware of any threatened litigation that
could have a material effect on the Company. Management is not able to estimate the minimum loss to be incurred
 if any
 as a
result of the final outcome of these matters but believes they are not likely to have a material adverse effect upon the Company&#146;s
financial position or results of operations and
 accordingly
 no provision for loss has been recorded.

The Company
periodically maintains cash balances at banks in excess of federally insured amounts. The extent of loss
 if any
 to be sustained
as a result of any future failure of a bank or other financial institution is not subject to estimation at this time.

The
Company commits to its participation in upcoming well development by signing an Authorization for Expenditure (&#147;AFE&#148;).
As of December 31
 2012 the Company had committed to AFE&#146;s of approximately $1.1 million beyond amounts previously paid
or accrued. Additionally
 The Company acquired a lease for mineral rights from the State of North Dakota on February 14
 2012
for 110 acres or an 8.7% working interest in the Dahl Federal 2-15H well that spud on January 6
 2012. The acreage we purchased
lies within the riverbed of the Missouri River and there is currently third-party litigation ongoing in the State of North Dakota
pertaining to the state&#146;s ownership claim to similar riparian acreage.&#160; We have signed an AFE for the well and the
operator has agreed to retroactively honor the AFE if the state is successful in defending its ownership claim. As a result we
have not capitalized any of the AFE costs or recognized any sales from this well. Our proportion of the well costs
 based on the
AFE and our working interest
 is approximately $800
000. The well started production on May 21
 2012. Had we recognized the revenue
and expenses from this well we would have recorded approximately an additional $468
000 in oil and gas sales and $124
000 of production
taxes and operating expenses for the year ended December 31
 2012. In the event the state is not successful in defending its ownership
claim
 the state is required to refund the Company the cost to purchase the lease.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 9
 10
 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

    
    
Years
    ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Beginning
    asset retirement obligation
    
    
3
900
    
    
    
    
    

Liabilities
    incurred for new wells placed in production
    
    
58
688
    
    
    
3
391
    

Accretion
    of discount on asset retirement obligations
    
    
4
557
    
    
    
    
    

Ending
    asset retirement obligation
    
    
67
145
    
    
    
3
900
    





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001019687-13-001019-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(`$U&?$*./E4/@@0!`+@(#@`1`!P`86YF8RTR
#$R
3(S
2YX

ZEOZ^5?L?V$SM

(_@G!S_^6+Z&L0CC
M/^3CUP%6Y=).\&LR@$H?*'W9_`'E$U4]`3*CN

M


MJC(TJO3+WIA_



MI.C(`RR:@8DYM$_60Z1GW\4@^_A2+/67RW^:/\!Q@#^;D87?JD`-W9S=7%


/CE]C]VCV
MF
C^=!1[Q

M1(/L%Z-LMQ]:J?H;E)38Z1XYR'M^?W1@M\@[H4C'CQP_.G)0_6O7=;2KZ]A%

M30)R8-(;K^1B==])2^[J^@VWZXI)@\Z#=^/]RAGRCB#=Y':E!^EZCGW3Y:#\


]?U2%J%[=_9

AB;Q61Q/1MF?
M;Z.QD/


$
@?^-HAS.T9!I@\Y8R&RG23^(_*2
EI)@%]-3H-!

MU9:!\=V5R'&]9\R===N2;V\F(W([4!BM4X?#!JL8BTJEA%ZB(!QYP2:QF^VR

MT(L3
GE[8X^0-&/_/1I4A;]'G\]]V_DIW7ON$$FWGB_]8H_&I])7._X@70?.



6Q4MD$Z
=3&D(N:*+&D)6Y1F!K_!O[

KXGP`**;$&5)L-ZT?6$
M,VD/%:`9H_PM('<H\2+T@6KVT=_MK85WX2!T\P6N@%5C:H+!E&BX#%9RP*@
M&;IO83#\@:+1-R]`MX

M^L!*SFZM:RC9


MN-H3





R6

`*
ZP216'M=6.\2:23J;)$]AY/V)7#9[EN30?:?
HBKPII#


M=\8@4A#*)HZL&4JA+DP#:XZB0E1#5


=9-*
B#*;SHOS\WE-IS29A#1&Q-B\^<&<^7[XDB7C;]BWT'3W!KLD@0!9






1[1@+9J6@*


M!817M\&E%X_#V
NBKUE#9#X'C=$O;9`F`!P_EX`.:P-

6A'4``]W(S.@



+6
L/!17B?H$!Y

M6.C\W9R

Q_




M5P-#
0



W)QA


M2KB8F+\R-Z!4MDC
XK($!

XP7/



#_-S8]M.]H5)=M_



S=;<Y

;9#X:I0
M[$Z1)F.]0U)3S
S9C9U
(I*'M#CEF)4OGW_QD].Q%=3'WTZ&N/3B0(QHGT






[L*27


`@XMD[:=_NGLN`'B12(D7@)R3G(TD

X8TD
)^H4+.C^2#UJ8C\
M1QP




2LM918





MM*&J)IZI85VF0I

`J
P

MY.5E1*MS

%E]Z







M7Z[Y.$_$XHF?O_LNSD


S=+_9Y\WDMY_3@)0

M:AO/QL]T5[Y7BX4]4L9K::^?XV\\T40IU#YXY-=?KY[@WHS.&=
](!NO\U$:

M



I!#(.XVQ/$M9DZ6Y(LONR.00GU97KGT
`9[.(--N4P.U+8)





L0R';K5G

M/%THI#E=B%3ICQ1[BFPAGB4QEE9(W7VF


M:3E`Y:SN1/;FTSO\MH$&_7X+TS=(L-



MF4_P9*7O$)?(/4!$


4#F@GB]5I
M
&]X24(58K/_Q,TU,*XZ

MGT]K#F@`:CB6U
`$K+*E8

-U




%9V+I
@YLIF0%0A[M9;)0LOD#+'E;+)`&P`#.6

MH%+X?1#8==I6?S`X!


M=JL[WPN+O\:9%]:(P5MHH]MR@2G





L5](8#$X$\^+O,[``J`I4

X6^(
M:2F@XGDR4VD+NE@`LWD+8#F$\4;&7N`+^'E9+:$R+`H9TP0JK?2B]06
6W

XE+N'^;VI@SAY(4#V=1M6`6V%[XF



PMZ865E[?
M7L(2I:F!'4(HBR(MK+Y-/`VE;S%9:9RJY6VM`3ZPF\'U6+0X$.LB]5_P_'M-

M6.-C:Q+H+7Z`DUYU`&%\B/$A!_0A[9KZD
]@GQ?!;!Y2=4E148D$O?0FL%%D


[!Z;7G8T[:Z=I\]ZYSGP



M!'\@+*-E$*O2B\5H!5HBN)AK5:2
YC:9!
E
^HPR/:F*?FM)]'%2J]B7I8E
MP2C/N+B[\OQX7F#$(6J!9`@0YY.)TW+O84TSB`N8)SV1W&N:@.Z`A=#
$0C
MXX%KD:AS1


G.BJNE+QHW%BB!HG.C<9L'=IL?X^CBDX3[J,#D8[X*-J:]
M%^W0)846C?

)9XF

MW5P@P;X
@RP6(]*FB'M6

MW9*32!`$[MWPJ8)


M$'+/@_[P#2V_S0
S?6`/65;C:G?A@.[15_6GI_[$J=BRE9H7$Z`H6H%`?A'N


)$T

2'9<7&6%P9?
VM_D[B?0Y:CM?1[#=:1AKN&`3FF70



POL%+
M9T$DC^?3^Y1^+T#


M@[?1137*.X

Y.1:L9L(^K@TF`6AETAY%%




/!)94'*73




M/JM;35G##!+*





\(NQ'
2D]0IRGDB6RDAQU:=






NX2%


3V+.H:6+K\]53K9![SZ
M3H*4@MTB!I-8USI]4]JA2%RECX(*MBMLS!RU?6^E3!.PZ$BBDBI@.S%A7TA

MA&Q

C&L%+HX*Q6VH3I]


BJN.6=.82
M`[%Z

2R
M5=YQ1:V=7'%TO=W+HK2V7

%4B.=-B2?2SB7`@FIV4GS*]'&N4=I#+T5O8$\T%@X
?.#;
M(*3CMU\Q/O@

-
)4Y1GD_`(QG*($Q?/9O)@0C`_4)&
M(':J

D8T#L*@DJ90,@HA/HHE$8#'\=X[<XI7V)
=D(U[26[V:[$6^S\=8&X
MJ?%N6(WW


MG\.()R_:PT62FSFTA3
EI]WJEFX%GNKEKO79+M(ESUP%Z+8Z=JV/2%:/:-`-
M5F_


QU

?5A[.YF%\SW':(AL*([(;D?J$

20XI6LE$M&=*
!5V8@2];27.918P9IH'H`

MWUB:&LU8)]L2$V06K
AYK63RKF@[B_Q6U4E9XOE%




M4L6@4LM5!!2FNNDWE2Q6&SGEBE/8*RVJH%:H(D;]?;$*@5\;)\&(BR[-NB4F




^$WH'IJ75U^IR(*#$04+BO'58[R*(4\




M.(H@

\*\0/D4&CNI@(.5B0(7/`DKWSSR\%^B1CD-*
MH9N)J;


0H9B.
4+$#EBE
N8=AH\`3!8:T=PHE3)4O8'W@92\Z






E#C6+



I%Y7.\54@5I)TG[KW)


+\

M!


XV9:1I=CDJ]XA^N`6:ZRREG
M8QY'1'MQ&(R#:A.:U5


M(!08RR5-W


M_C
.Z!5PR]DV("!Z^N.U\UU(OF?^U-HLW




$2?S.GB%

G'WW@!\?Y!%MK!

MX%U)I*P0)YAX2N6!HYC01Q!3I;@D$1?Z%^
2R`N58WNRAI9NQD0I*%X04O&C





1*49BJ^HXHE*:DMACX&N
M/D


7[9'D6)&?1LGB?S6-B:R`F7:6Q8F(F@*#)'NPA7=6E0('M:

$VB=4NQ*/;`XO)




0?F#_$4TG#D




*`HR2DFAF]QKJLO0
MRX_OK^@;'Z)WWS%M]=/DO1^




MMW)$XC!EE5T51=?L)8JB@.HIH?-\H*O2.$'\QHQ3E4/UFRBW5RR?BP9076K_
M)'J:JEY0

MI%6
-$JRC&@0;$







M54C-^EXX0]OJ#J3[=#K6H._JVIBG=K9NL3\(KQ7\H(?)^D)-R=AZ$E^P@6
M#)
IDJAY@D
2S3GA
U`O7[?ZTWJE%TE*=ED_PT?\[69^LN):_^`C6#/Y6P[3

B+SD-5IK'KMS840

M=[&NQRK5+EY6L5G7LTT7-;*7I6_+DB'QWN(90LL7U93K::2\
'Z#V/FB!I*P


MW*=X_KVF`)?A/
5D9WH=_EI=.Z-
EJV67R/+%)3E[CO@@B?*U1SV2YV'3C
M?(:5$F.-4*Q)H+?X04:=PXT/
3[DJ#ZD75

6GL]%

MD





MFCV



M5SS%%(IZ33L*.:\;LX^48:*QH_+315!W-:!D\HGWXN`A('`'E5D&%%K3
M9@HO6



M$




MQ=24GJ*-U4RTA+/1\&?4@GV&PVK8O4J'O6BDVRJAUP+(XJ&L#4Q





M!#&R&[D



5!5DOING0



M2/%9O/
3Y5*JF5FYO;JX?

M`8.

II0KWA2)O0C0I(4A
H
MLL75=BGM<;5'$R]/*
Y4MT359ZS5T+$


M`A(ZYUD2ASS'9IP@%4[=VJE8227IY)%\X4)N$O)WRL

\L



KI



ME
&LR&!?+

M`1R3NH\O+Z$FB#5T&6!;9
$G%@8#L'E/\#1#E1CX`9T1K'XA+'FXO-*1GBPD
MEN%

.*









[4(ODSMF$!=*4OQ


M`ZO3&8B$_GZW;0UZ]K-`@$46?\'W%QU$(F@+=P2_6(YK+WQC:6HT8YUS2DR0





MUQ\):R/
`0%Y47[?0[23N8MVQC%6O)?J7HNV6U(&)=J.BRA39)X1(FUFAI$
MLBE2VD6,@$5FG/)@P1E,$*+&8W,/SR1AXFA$G88M$KMBKUR=V/LS9I)VB

XL$-




MU=!8/5

N=^-7XD1N





M)'Y/


M?!.Y!I;=@?_BL.&'QRV%Y8)']

MB2MGLGYRD`E'2$YQ089\D'O*BBN%[;CPC_?J
H:0`\4+8+4IR'FZ8V2;.T6B

*M1]6F&#Y4A/`(`(O

M54X#'O



&6@?T;



M)[9WN%H5-Y=6:9PR?%DB+Q`KF1T+N3#4+`$DN?JDI9+=(5(:XV1U/%1.]$!N
M4$


MRE*J]7C*_3SDGR97
.IEY.-_WD%T!P+'EWQ%UCSM
N944+].NJ)E!6;/83!Y
LL*(.<MH_6Y^ET2[8V#^5L

_VSU;?XLC?J\J^R9`
MBP']:2B&R]!N6]VNB?^
PFRJ
KT7^/=-?EMWR4
M(68]XE2_^XY]D?E3V=#K]OMVB9'1WD^31NIAFMWAD\EJ;1AQJ8A.6R9K^-)

MJ12VQL46RG%XB].\@K\&HDGA-1^#V8!*7JHV
.PE(H&K?BS]UY\3'F$3W:[Z

DIWOVK?%_2+9I\(/;P,]%
M_:EQ\O#XN-((-IOUV*__GIEH6''@$FHCHY_UHF1T]'/HU-;'MUMC#_*EL




MW[$Y7^#+9@!DLMBNH*`@((
HAB73MMAO24M/DGK7R_8J


/!KQL6CQKMZ&*SHU;!*LUS9&9S:F;!8_68\92K:N0OO+GN-$AV1
M:%/K9S`LR:IM$YJ




02#9I@^'*(70?9

MBR9LI&_X86FDTG
BN)%A/8GU.RV$L!\Z'8&-I:XE:G[5K=89OHP.%5E*R9
M75TS7CA.SW+;'18(2FG%(
:K0)?RRR34Z!.3RLFLLIN1R(QE-_W](D!Z]Z
M_Z5XIXH1CC9`V%HG8G]$'TCU9UBIPT48-(/735&7Q`\(=T0-]Q(13Z#PL*]S
M6C1*9?%=)
R

MB/#4-$I[-M3=
3I6V
F+9G'+IPMB^Z`FJC9Y;5N?25#
!)&+:$X-E(S'^?Q^

M;]2\CG
QC-NQ66D`=0(R9(T(^=/).07)Q.Q.+HR%&;[FS_Y-ZO\:XW74

]

MU+P4CY'6FQ&$]O0*_`[V'1=-3E-R`Z``N*=2R!+H(I)T&LS%?E0@-^3)^^*
M8B:IE?W*15-8+JF(%O$X#A`H-+_

MW-&JNSF@1WL_@![EG*PMA=0\@([&MBGH]1K('J
B

MYJ:7H-;H
4KD7)%Z6TZKH)O?!*@
YI@X4IHNO)EC;86X3Y4))M4L
==RNR)?
MR+&M3K=/=\O(C'0Q=36



MUH2[\O.%CS]?':S;79%)S6B.H&J.`==(2/G/
DZB@'MU4*3I6@REBH@+]PA;


'/0\E
M'R]AX!
U*HT5MDLP+Y7WFE$K&34JH4VFU.F##M
%I&T84JN:`I!O`:6V;;F=

VQ#U#@46
M^

M-JQPL%EXW^IV78L5I6=M:P!_&'0=T4)&EK95;[9$%9J/^*$O]
F[L;NCV5V#
M5YU/T4*MEVVQ90

M1MMHH7F:OCO`7]Q'/UJBI=D+_Z!4=J;
I9:T#Z!7+R)=%XW5/VM(X3^P+NUI

MUAP-$FP#`#\-$FRC9FZ08


MY^?-$=0)UF@8N*[F!*4&KJL6L7QS!C=P70:NR\!U'6M$`]=U=B
:N*X&HC$8



M_4)5)I7DO
OTTZ24D


]V#_0MP&=7#R:7(IVO9NF.)8D/S[]=LR
MQ?8/O]BEW


\O[Q^PRZOKUC'L2]<
M^+<K\*8F7I`(<#-F8*MG3?%]Y3J\7/30E@=HI`:
&_0&W5M!,5`<+PELS`2D:9'@6Q5.<@I@O]X`V0:M%1(F!BWL%/





Y4%V;['NCSCQ
M&X*6O/%F..^$W_(H)PAB^;%`3E%_AS]H68%+07;!.*-[5A$K8FE

YQYA_N@S'
35\=(IF\`P;!;[/$3B?9[Q



M
=0(J1';*8D/M'=%+A_?Q'?15SX@`!\37)O2;LD.H1MF`EG$8ZSP4-PL83


N.T[5LV]ZV)_A#3L:IJRHL$ED_/:A0



Z4]DZCM7NM!OHR\[
V6]NJWW;&@[=];;:A`!\T]F^5UDL2)9(0/%\'&^V







^\@*#-7[C%RQ%^?%X@_

M!

^\85['^ZB/N?SV&H
;A)(*B$=2Z.Z@6@N?S&W$M3[X:4:\(1
M[%

*M'P


ML'\!HNQC)P%0
9BV;%QBM[643WY&2U&I3X82J5`PM2Z!4*5!$RHY/'!#DU

;AFE#6

9K'
9K





=I[CPTJ$(!C


M&]GFXNO3.PN;7F\[N8`QO=Z.S3#3Z^UYBF1ZO1W8;$VOMRUY9GJ][4/'3MZ@



M3*^W?6]A3:^W4Y6MZ?76F-W-IB(UO=[.RM+/FKCZ4%)+-AFO7$
&G5)`;M)8


R#]CE
M^*\\2*F]RQJHX<L,*Q7_106*92S@R_33!_5!?[O_[<X_&^TR/W`\B@0S_]^
M_?8'YO-Q

MX\]N1^O?P+:[_6;

MY


4C-%?I1DNH*KP`@A7DP4[*KVR1+WH^8M3




PODM_-GJY\13HG[;=ZLVS9ZGHKR@
(LQA%Q`\D'A1+'DDD+9!]'_E
M

8ZQ:
M01BN'@?S7(^Q]]R5Q2V4!1;9
&:.JB5&UP:A^CTHR+JM*PB<A'X/^Y610^8RV#F!5(XB9E7[JOXI8845H






[`

S)NIDZ





H^N'\7`!T(.BEJ*0OO#)WW]XG\0S5)\+VX%_LYA^
MAG_;S@^_T*IET#.:$,&=%'K&MG7N#3CX,.@9C:C-^@9IRM;@YYQNK(UZ!D&
M/:


M@!GL2N9&X8SU32

$#[6W-^@9-1WQ

W:\1A$[LU/7:KRXA&9TR39J
R)^MF



MSIRNSAQE
VBJO(VU--):ZC*BT1FC



%C%;-G[*@;KFBOAYO6Z/^84MA%5CC]\


MO*G.M
6^PN=*/=@\B8%48.T+QV:S(`S!(\)[V20`FA!O@@''1QS$ZW/FW7I!


IOP6Z

R]J)KVY9MVS18@D4W:`@E%ELLG\

MEGNP0
WF80#RY:3RP03VOS0!+X-)A3'(E)Z
X:L)R]

&6P_N5?J









83U
@O_0MHN^^.X[K(W`



#25RO@+/Y&

ML/!$L!9)^UH
*^6&.Y71V4*D

-]J1IR'$?BS2D2$H_HCZ71]*JT=N4I34IN


M^#+
2
7O%A()1%`1@A0Q(A

YC*'\@;O^

IZLGY#A4

1Z1VC)PS^HR61%LY%
MF&F7M&

[@

[N^6<%DG5_S^/V-I<.I+:52EYN<??/R.8TD




M%&O5M9'M6

MDGWLA#(2M)[-7@:1[`O[JMIR47:FYXB\IYJ
J]:'HI.A;3ML[B78VCZGOI
M/XSZ)K;8Q[C2*;'4'Y%EHKTT]F
M0BHDFAQ;(()6V\

,G44[0B=C/N%C0G7*FL(F$*945`QHZQ:_&DTZAG=H

NW@U&O-C\
V*_











M/BLO?HGMZPGS_5*3TFX_WKY?79X/4K$9[

%`(]14*,B:
M=Q;'O@N4/^4AR'K64['M2``H4.;E+TLOO@[_J'\'6QB7VI=[T!`S
!1
GS0
M$M1Q#]8=_%WUNE;Y




L&00DXYS4&MD($S$5&ALE1G30$&SB[A-W+)
M)\G+E5UHIVP6@$S6


M`PQ^IJ!2_-NX-LW&5

BRB=G)\2OX_J<.O!
M2I.G0A52[0YQ

:6QL
:9?5&Y@CG`.J



9AZ&0Q=V1PPV'@XE%AU75.YZY&J&TM+
M9QU!L]&8HVC



M_%54#WVDPCI+^2A+!^CB0BN/O
DD`+;A8NMSG!W7RY&D?W&U*A^L/+1BP1P0




X@8Q(D1
MV0^.!/.DY!T9Y^+=,8B]W#$T4P#'YQ,?`=_+K]Q=\I(2*0&O8):$4EGT7!
M)!B+-;P(@`F2G.9@$+KLYI5*8G2)\X68EWF#+)PAB\00+4$*'WFHQ[\EEY



]
M!VUIF`-0Z.,3;'EQF@`/0[H91SF0L%5WCR:4]D]@?&!KH?)%&5!2_$(IHB





8?YPT2F.
B!Z67P:.DA
M2R?*%?4N^K#*?]#:I/.ZB_
0
]$PE2\?B[4=@XK$I_9.NOQ&A=32*F%CPBF!



7N$5$.:%\HABZ855+Q[1R9O'0I%$+9+)
M(T_N2-(BJUP9BXAL7P;P9@DY@VO0-



-E^FE2`FIX$-=CT!WV77=8D/?0*


C09Y/TB;<Z@\ZF[%J%4GR$!*#14+/^3T2F\;/


;+T[WF)




M

G-Z*5K=RRWV[7@OZ^.

MZU:S.

EN





&-







D'4F0=:P;_6;WIG/:5N=?L

M$Z#4E6X3H)@`9=M)]*W&3\&!\*3A4W`[&\17YIREMG'+;W&2!
55U3_BT)]X

;$
PU88$T\8^*9LXEGVE;7:?A-EN-:;O
!83N;]#PV

6;%#3:430

M++;[D]N





/&




#:DI1HYC(A0K]/\HAY-PD'VY3O&WL1]M_TB&;Q

''D
O!BX$









]IXWD*;LFS.\XC/%6QN_(DQ<??NLZ&XSMTHI.'
M%*[C20Z1
D_B


).M4*[Z
Z)60ELU(EWB
HP^TKF'

2B$-T^!.^JG(B602%F;0)C%




U#+_JY_HS?4DF*;(=R=L-B]H


M`R2T/3+71VQ859;'7AP/NQ^,&PZ(+MW`0J\S8Y9KF]WH_/6G_5\6D2I-\N

M`*QO/44CA2=*H=?=CQ1V8?Y_3(.


M@5@&Y-]B'PJ
'TL=?.+`HBR-J$:4JK_R`%Y`('K1/
^0JBGH
KPNS4=_2AR1

?3SU

T)H*^




MXX]QIMF713O*WGCA8AI:2T=7JPOI5A%ALE%6#NH:SF](75W&K
PT^S&3)\

*Z@]1M-K+DF&DG411*G%AK(BUNC?(]L+U2C]1JH
MH)'':[S9KX

]MP




MO-U6=W.]6WM0^D2HO:T&WZW2T]#

MAZKP(!3Y\;6@[O=!9A-Q@('

M6I_]QCH/-^RH6:QS4




)
YMM
M9_
0E




R(4RMW
XHAV\F_J90'/I3F=EKYT1
&%_-7
K^9VM4$#
MN*VF


WOPZO]@^4=-.R%R


TV(GKY/QY%/OE[?\*A_Q
M


MS


OPI&.;
M\
2$)YN$)\[)AR?M]K#AQ47@G8:]AJ_M'



(;+SK,&.-;0W@!]Y0IBTJNSD_UU=O7]_=64B
MJ%U&4'$ZS3U-SQ\@#(N]CY,93]C5IPH&?/L$\%/;;1-D-<!\3)!E@JPS;*&
M?:O?]
9(H/P7JLYF`EKG2;`,4$*-M.
MHF\U?@H.A<-GX+;V2^,N<LM8U;?HN3)BNJOX1A_[$2T;ZK*4
K-2



9$PPTP0#:B;=30UF!LT-9CK=


[8['=G]QF7`NMK[P^





S!
@3LUJ!3
M3VGMR

M/W=J;&)



-?;IER#]]C[A_(-LDO'%R_B&$*;_GVJ85KSM-_+8

MPU[WW'BX2@__\'#
[(E
M-ONN3%QE2(^CXG.\.C6/'I\P-$F`[Z3[3&^\F3F



MLP-'M/.=^0&X4TH(W.OIEM

QKID=8
MB1*]



B'SX=


M^&

ATHF*Y:&



MT22XY1=H9V4[A]$U

EJ7M);Q&PBW9]#
MS(LH$7/KBKG1PU6_




;J!8*[
MXURHT))3T!*@8;A&








?`:#0'802MORG1$HB2'

A2*=5&+YUR8!-NI[UT:ISZ@9SZ


M2

5%+LB)


G^S<;-:RMX&CC'8=A?*<BU@#B/0CR9S
9
M?P?1!.D11\XCW+ZC&/5%4OD8'R+G)9'^;39FE0#R6&H4F*)W#1S=]_L'^@


M\+K$&V=X6_=K



M!

;CJ8<9Y2!1F/XX92G(D##/H@S(
M\P/$L%1`3A(4

M\**+8E2W@@*M




T&XFC7Y+J(I;:LJ84P3FN^3SAI
O:W'_M3MZ6U
MY4PM9'%:\S7F5QOS^RC0H6O+F#

MV5_Q1)
JB^=KRT







H4-T);=W9K@//=]^5W<\VA8?NX

2

Z(_T*4G\3QN-OO_SW


9
MLF
LDT7TD*

M/%%K



M6]F']/N?\5!SW/:_I]Z]DQ
M[KX/W=QJ57I??=ED!%
7-FT5GS]^DW1N.E2/P[E&I/$:09&@ZH2`^`3C;T[#
M

2^[A*^
LN`5?\6E22GG5!7GFE/X$S.1H
MA\$ZBZZVK*F%

U+;4GE=C6

MUA/H/&$:

M1VO0'Q@$\YJ


M[7


D,_N#,&X\AW,B(I$F<L$#(*$,9L1R[A;-LRMD\B6^#
M%%%@63QAE]=7[&L\#\:LW[&MZO0#?/&'TEL6/O^)'H!=UG@JWNK#0#BR%S$O
M37D&/_C@C;R1`)Q&PKPY/.G!%Q8I;(F&YD!BD#+UE,5\/N%)PGU\2+PTK;PU
M@&]A+.$C^.;%CB0^25PO_&0$,$D5DP]S+X=9)G8+U$`KX)C#?E?^4\&J,D
M\A2[J(]S&C*PGO&(P][`-8H7<'3WA9E@2C7.#69C%(:C:/$_`OS`\F0&]

0DB+QH'H#()A[=G^.UYGLSC

MV!9QCER2



SAXI/=\_.CSRK7/H\.RJMB5J:)(Q=Q[)GZW.-*NT\


M#Z+


$_@`4ZA+I8
UXFQ=1CR4P^H;AW5B





\-V5OO6]`G(4C$2$Q_)!(\LO3GP0AR(#DQ+

I93K4J/EKXC'D3%


MI-G=CC7LM&O/BW

=%]Q
%=
W7AO7=I13U<\)IF)F]Q2\K_R8(XQ:^V5S]PW


U&K0F^AS`'F:X

0PSP3(X





M8X@C\X1_!;UX$\;C;[_\]W_AINIOZMGK\106\Y!_FKQ3'23TU[\`G[^`P45C


.`VN


`=]XGF

Q?P7LCO%;
MQU)QN]5UC=\Z
:'6LF:_N5'69Y[`!X@E[`?@WQ*\_#8.ZW@.:^.&YZ?'XA
5
MZDN[9;>WW0J:=.@-$=)$Z!5$I@CE=$H(G>

Y&L=+#K:
M31#49!VK81J0R==JB*!.
%_KT:U1G3MQB!JB&C?A:.:1;'.G?0XCGKQH=^39

M6L

^Z7Q'




P

M]4U&7U;GDEF=X:!&PFMR5+C0GZBX^:@1?_=M'/LZ!*J%L;0MQ!-TG?V!%!O_





K_RH
YQJRU5SYS





MW*URN:YE=^J$?'6^(QY!^D['&O3KM!
Y7$A;*]=XYR6)!Z
:K+3:F$;;[EC]



M(]HC]]K@`




.3
M;=89#H_
[H0-]=Z/4[3/F3U-2A<P








LX56`0&IVX.TK9!(^HIT.59R


T\6+1

M!`E$+L54WCS(P`_\A^B^5Q+!

/?7CANAYX`+A6D$RU4C2&X(D(JX$E!



O@
UH8_ETL`_A*7M;;WL!2O['0B

LT#=WPR4``LW(0?60[
ML[



M82Q8+R&VBLEUR_







^5`[O=




MQ=HQBINS
1[#N'8=8V*SY6..F`=@/P)EQ^)

TP)$#
8AF@%(6D1I?QYB`QG$'(6[2%(U!N/X:7`0Z'I/
J0




RVT+(*;?0S%TWLYW`WE4AR&P!Z_9UD!
M\Q(+(=Q!&F4'5XXBMIW]C0*PZ[R'69..8FH.\S@Z8X7CL`_E]_9]'?V16@X


RD[:(E=^A
M?



+'U#/!OT^*/
L#SF9EQW=PE28;_-C^'L;V
MI77U-NBTPF^D@ZZ%QF91S!KY$$!X/2S`Q%
@A^
N8G/;VV7+Y+*CHQ2+[-SQ
M7I`K4;Q
S_;U%T(^@$T\1.










MDXVEZ/#

MX

5TQ0B3:!%#&(7+5=);7F7F:G(:






M1/0L
5


M]%V%DZUGL3.8WTC;W(0R&'?3@M(/MZL3UVJFF^[`79IC9:A9%*-MU`9HRWF6
MO47+8']K!P-P;([$%ASP$N\&9#
+@`];58Y3NT)*^[3W
`!('XWL!E)Q9ZN[
MS)O+1T_3%*Y9!`?
NZ?5(X)N-H4RXV+P_9MF;%L#136_P5Z%AE\2^)7DVJA?

X_SQ&87X+)RSRFCL@U$Y;UW!C0GHR
M3^(XN


]Q9$D?AK]IZ=_S!UA
@'OZVR\R/ACB:*LQ`

9Q/P^37*QJB#4


7S%V+$I7`M(I

DZ5LMO;G^V2#6Q+#M
M?O_EY&64M4WQ4_DE)C:=SW3L@AZ?;9-&!-=
N?$*+_7TKOG;HFYX7]4.*O
M=0EW&W@_LH#ZQ/1U-HB-'UE(9D6O?98V+
9O
.P+OY**/;U8P'HC)6B91V$4




#$R
3(S


4O)#
MLZIX+

M..[)/__QYS\9]-_'OW0ZQHA@V[HPKEVS
W;F[L_&'5K@^,S=K'`M?[V?@5
MV2OVC3LB-O:




MD8E/ME2
2QY=_\.'#]WPK]NF7

MFB@(NYCT


M%^RY/T!H@\V2CAN?L&Y_8G0/$?7*=7S7)A;MAM8ELIF=I\\8![Y

M(X^:ZAD'Q$1V98ESN30D/ANPF.'K3^:3)9O0**ZEC%W
H06QIX%K?G]V;8M.


M'75:'I[




Z(!F/8C^PH8VL6(O\(!-3-;H
MD3VV6(=#^=:HX@@1+PQ?)_

0H*-EV]5I

M7.
`$;LF?Y%AIDJ9?JW:]%6K


M/J:27.





MB

:RN6OF=)X26789[%]N!O_TF[`F=
M7C\NLOHA_OJW














@F6=5IO%U3137:IEDC%C]VLAC1<_Z[F
MF$G^=9')F9,S^)D3X^][O'YJ\^2,Y+51)WS(G6F

M;$P;*#Q
$^OB/


MZ/J'6_')M]R6.BQ




EQ4JBR?N







M_F*

@R.V_VV[Q1*




MNTO-90




T0E3+1$0S'L'AI




]=PF;:]7$Z!L

M4
_:/C8


CWY-I!.R_S@)?Q.)O
E9U
M5YA%^VBW6R:7V.3J@DH57FT1Z=G)7<%1`OMHAVB3&D::[(/%F^NZ8*2I:^Q



MC8?F
$5GS`GGJ
FYP9)J1GR;7W_P(:1((\XM@/)UJ071I0B'3CW6!Q7MJ9(
MU0!3I?G6@\-







M
M
C`Q
C$R


=SH\?/XY<\FS^(/2[=V01.743




/O+$0


MMDRG


?X[549XLUM`![XA/K^Q-Q;#8O#_]8








M'NWMQ4MR5I52TD;L)`=;4KS^\$1RF.8U;B!4D4.3W[J9:$$.$2C0^G)QB7P3

*P72`B



30FOPV']Q-5H/-3CQ(+CN4M
/Y[0]??6K2H(
L:WP[O!_8@U4&2'X.U_8L^IO#V3^_'%/WX;7U\.[R9_-8;_
M^W5T__]QDFULF4.L#7

%

\U%AT
M(/8X[/:BM-Z_1+]^2%S/D0C]F/EF

/9T






X)?IQ$M-2(YC3F4
MPP[Q]5Y'OD(_JT!82O#U

:(W&OIQ'/AK:KF'WV/(B;\^/O--T/0
2NB3
MU6G
RK\^'@$;0(UV(Z?FVS2^$R('=Q-(Z:+QRR0FBZ#.VD'=/3=
M=

3DEC0#)J7IDM#

Z7:

MC38:LY/%;ZC3=GP:V?+!/:,[RI2M;.52),,[7?R&=H7@\EOQM7U^)NJC/.

%U
2N


:-J?=
M%N(+L

MOY)6AGH;WVX4%HA-#

S
POJKH%E
M6QU1KKIL8F]FK9:+
]NR2K;X;&)/9HD7AYVMS16Y56ICU
?9M7\=QK4%$2A=
MFV#

M*T/[64
S


7)YQ&H/YCPHA;*E\MH^]%34J)#
AH(!





`@7Z.*WGU[ZY2QJAQ):WH==)4T!V1.[:9_

ICQ_DKN:2'NFEG4'#[BR$A:#P%!;0



9CO)?GD_

MW_V*36*^!HFVF9E_GR\3QN_(6IW&MLYZM[]F1!OK$G*[IP](FZY8F`P#G
ML(7YJQ)RK*+Y6DHYB[;!=HE'3=&GK9)R



M4#!UHV)5^GVQGYW\C9W)\E`.E\E/_Z&V4Z=6D^K:YZ)]BQR`KKNHLI9[QN
M.YL$\A=D\MDLF*FR=@ACZY(Z%.R!2G*4QVZ9_M%NL]0ZR]INJUKRA&;V7S4[
MP\A=+'TO

MX]+


AH
&*2X;X^)KGC

MTX'^3EM^SK]%:YZ(2VO.9/E[(X5)F
EO_]LQ7X@D;\U5TK_/S9-/7YL_V+
MF?V+F;?X8B8H#9V\@12\A

\DCEK+;^K[3<2(#4J*

M;JY@`US0TT).--\$UT2+MIO@W:EK=2





MJIWVQLYM(VM97TX1]I
.4_:.V/53I
XN7V%SO@Y.*2-#?U


)'U



KLFA
W??(.^%N1V
_M*%*]`S*LLO;*R&4_
9?4$L#!!0````(`$U&?$(DG+
]_5(``!&C!``5`!P`86YF
M8RTR
#$R
3(S

=B2!'HC0[WIGUVM'B0]MABDV3U.H<&XX)$*@F
ML8


MWYQ]__H;A-

TBA(LA3_^9LT^^;?_^U__R]$

W;L[

MWW]9$E





XOA+228C

JXMF7N%!8




M9MRK(
[90?`\76_*XAJ_X.1




?1

A7*2V863(D8+`S$T4A!35W;YVR8NMS1F
M
DO)/PO-=&/@F1)#5NIWP:1E`(

F:JVRU.R6)'337NLI
MU.Q?XPV(P.!&I9EX=DWI(/FA613%]/0\2&Z#.)JGY\$Z+H-$BQ4#SY2XL5*_
MBR$M`Q@\V6@YQ%;+@RC3Z3Q%%1L
I-WA

M0M:DE&#0I%5/@%$8;E:;A`;
H@N\C



M_


MY0K1\*0\,OB4QZ7)4X-X;4VC%-BR]Z0+LC,7-[=E;.J(MYPBC@G:EA1Q;O/
M(-O](++RM%I_-J9$F=2];J0ZA%`\U4RY0XUU:GNJC'.$UP4][@L$W9FJ;FT

G]@:_3PH=/.3C'!*/Z%6





M5BJSQX+M@Z63G17?A)%R]F9TXN;

M`IPX)%I:ENS.'RS.
3U\2^9IA+_\!]XJC1/HI@6&0LT^
@9$@*`AUTR!C8H8
M



MCP004F1Z*4X^JI(7%:T_0-QN'I



M0F`PD6NGNI0(&
_/

MH99E4J]FH7S/N6GHP8#-0DE)*A?&@G)@E1':1RP]SZU:2:JH)UVSZU7N+=/E

M)J5%F!
?ZHFL:






+LKV(GN:(?(3'R(I
M?J(*:\^




PKR`_DG::$U#LOX!2=[?0ZV2SE;

M`[I#Y1=LFM[%)/6+1!5ZQ4H:/\,:Q(7%9//V1D['(!T5:G%@0\(J'L?8L=;
M]#FDWKZ.@\

_GD
MJ

M+\I:9AAPO

M*LRJ]YY2J






S

50:HX3?D``H[A9I&N`F'Q7!A


M[6]H5;YYH97W07$?L%/K%YPJ`RD5M)
FQ-.IVTN-)R
$`R*==JKZ-;1N31'L
MX69I3\!9LQO5]*DJF6BJ%*^AGQ1`)K5[(%(1PP&204



]#H.
`

Y9;A@'X!FY)CU7L#.A=[Z@9P&#/3L]






M)]V$`P

M.7P#2C


MH2=;(-N4+;9G2OHH+@CQW%57./&I@SNLG2K'\I9_J-/13.BCVEW7HR2&
M=1)H4E-7+WMX^@
#7.V1YA7I/9[:4.LJPXBLK1XAY=9CCG=`XWY^AG61Z7

/WSB4F;5GR2

IK=9






^#E/RQ((M


M`(!6&F7KG;N\T
&K4MAV.]?=M54IO-HM';0D7MH!/![&




W0',H(DSIXPT=#[


+SA^S`NOF+KEZ1Y(D9Q;]?5
E&7O([C#MKCC!/9

M;0=LK%Z1MP-\!XQ+.Z!Q0NFX]E.HS

MNR'?)K3?=4KM!
WW@115Z58G6RS[F_I9&EU41?-4Y][V[)

D35&6[L[S3V'.+D&

^!_Z)


M.C78;-B@@

M(-Q);7$;4\M!85?0



?30:T@`
V,-0



M
5GQ\(.%*XW8-)B


-

MQ=?9L0`+3+@I[M2ME^3W5ATZ856$S7K-'V







CM8[;5)4F5CS(G=8_Y;HU&:)+A*7N_@

<AFPU^;HKA?V


+!'TYQ9'S2HB*=$


!I*N&DO=WQ_9W5&=49:+0%?`
LK2Y#+EUG1W-:]+9(JF#O?JA'
M`09#4K6$.R!&!




.
YJ
&<C'+2$BU
MJKW()Y'
.U;
N@EK%E8GL$H3!VU3U34CC=B_+FDASL)A8^4HPQ?0K
U30=`H


Q:?K5
M



J5I#5'SDQ3P:






!*B==A0!=SHPZW/N!UIYC


M-).!CA$
[%RTU:32@)W0H$KON+U-`I;5ANZ#F`NV\W;V[)/6=G
TJE?GS9(7
M#$P=%1;C/])3FN_SGX/5^D_=C)];MHUHI
&`ZQU9(Z0;?(?#[F-[2^U+/BF
M/0V-*-_(&Q@`@-)6TW%`V/&ASJ




M`'F

MUF=5-C--EV?9UH`V\[*)PSO$G-044AS&:NGUJ_@BC@O-*=)%(PVK,3Q)YPD
M#L4OU(Q^G*')$+GC4W%Y1ZSJD



M#


Y5;\GG'V@AE78I=PYS;U5%8






MQM&89I*QY/..VQ'*2IY

`-


M7I!.\CE+(IP7]#5;N:7J?PKH8JTL%OE=_/1L4=)OO#R/CM/=;(T+M1?F'=[[
MLD#(0UW10UYK=Y8Y'\FRR#V&4L?M+7#2;)(R6E+-AG-OI*XB)K'K2AN3J6









MK
S*(+DV^NCKL(:C4J%`:]/F)[=XFCV@O/@=]L5H\XKVZ&B\[)!
O5K&@#



.+

C2W*9YPC

:6]*KS:DF0T
6NUUU2&T


M:RPLD3H\H'9VTLUANRF[W/EN7G(
?66T


UHJ*AX1



=?9E6L;E]E



-E$9(5-NI(?35?+\\L@3XD9!?'H+*99&UVQ
M)]F31D?NLSEZ\9/[$.Q])!S&OOG#0A7'^#'5%7\.[J\O3_4(YUFG5'-XLU
M+4&'HW?;VR`O4YS+7^38L$WW_

KL</BDZF2VPM<!C&92BC
RIHIT2.5MTN<*2$8'CTTZH@$YI`2&&



M!+T_X'5$K9*HK&R$Z:BGJPEC5+FM!:

MZ@0C+.:ZLV.9[(:*NLUVZ








D6#G

M_W65Y3?X


M=M`4@AJ_ZBNSG'*2*&ZRM+H^=9K^.GQP5EZCM!YVZR6O-';`R7$_JZ]WFR).


















_[KOU#1\[BB%KU6![&9[:







M8HTM**U99)]!7V4/%;199J
S&#/-Y7*)0YK]N3&+)NNYP[1+XR2N*SIA6MTI




M7*C=F$SIUT2-I.
M=FA3M4AH`\1DO.O(4
D[JB%A
$(X_J7D'?Q#V3+;F'K^

`]?HT4SJ1
M@LC*.NKLW(]I1-QD:82C#2%[3/@`L*(9I6+@S8:=$:[C@69K*,:1H#AN/@


9KQ@\B9.GQ;KJLZRVWY+L#_X-`9



`WCF(5AO@F28E$^*Y/4[201


MWBE

JU-6R[.FM?
M6(AL;NT[%AJ:0\[B`W\ZY66PD]&#0YM&25F@36]G#Q9F[@&5X((D1P8^'E
P
MX_@`Q6M
[4Y@3/ZQN


ED^M:-23C5KA*(J+


Y






T2!TFRO8B3#4US6T6SL`+(XG;9S`.K8^T5



M+WBH7?!4=RJ%(2[3Q`KRRU%1)@MFNR*IP1QMY^Z2F!%CLN5\R&91Q&*T
M@Z0ZUN5!:KI[6R

?B'+RV*QO(KB
MD$Q_]_$ZG*?TK5YT':]B,MME21QN^?]JGK^-EP4,%#L;(CZE+9[I$I#+I,N
MJXOY.5L7W

[-EC=ZZ2SF.#LL40U-SKW


MT_[Y680?KJX)J


M28L3_#W+:X-N
6DO8OV3N%L9(0-6SXTW8-BQ'X(2Y[2^*VOWM.0[DJ(7H-O9



M^@\UU52__`FX37*9'5'=+?(TZ
9F69QX^;DMVCE1FZ#6!`OXXV
_:.B0?F

D
M:CD3?%;%Y




ZTR#D/E3IZNI';[TD/[2V2UTK8*2(8^I4

5_^-[A=07%Q?(Z3EEFE!Q'L72T*HD!]9Y9QV%GM1ST*0SC

;1)L%D



MW'-!J,)3E\/`#TCZ[`\WY)U$LN5J%I^J#D`]::EHM(E1F]E$=5)6=%C-=;

0J%HB).=JUK?+%I+




MYSN:L:6;/'I&MW-/+



HP]<T`L::?M`1T%'J?\`(
M8$7%_8'?_O-?$^Y'6'U0R'-]O@*TV^^&IE[-6W[ZF%^9XLGVY#Q':G\B0_

-.4


#$R
M
3(S


8WEMIW/GJ0]-0A*G*5+-#\7J


MXA

\K*I9W0

T+C_W_OG']^]/W[]_?Y:3_\WW

4
M\!B#O+

-55%O'G@S*A8Z(SM.F-(I
M.9C?46$Z'I&.6ZV7'H=_3WR&-855;IQ-;?N$WO


_M]Z?6%8..6



3+-SVBL[IZ;9N676F'AKJ8??



8@I5ZKG%+/E@8



M5/].?_5K/H9[



M0%A^1`B+6`KFT
FTY().J?





$BXQ`'%7416MN<6





M'=/I7+U]/_Q65#)N%3V2=@M5`#UAI78^74^RQ.$]7!;JF9]BDLQ+Y5LSMS44


3LHX2H4B=KIUPPP#BD4/CT!)AZA$\H&C1@

DR65Z+!Y_2B$F

M\GC_C%P*`H_
:'V


EH)HCM2F@O:]A*@5UR[0)1FJP:T#N
/8]FJE4V6
MKEEK.5`EICA7NYJ@U4N%9Q6YNM`]`1&XS+5(LJ[/W47T=V8*FR/!F/W99[

*4E?86



M;FHT



9.%92*J-G%$I@`06``RWNM2]V


M(2G7..:[29`0*L

E@+!#`!


MF*UHW!VA%S?C?;*]@#FAT^#2BU=%WN]TMJV`RHOBRJC

M(



M=NPY'#CAY&8K0JLAK2H4'%


MQ^G%/_X^O;F\NG_X3^OJ?[Y


)FEFI

MR:/$?/`;4#JC5;T
S24*Q9B):V












YM[XA!

:`:B=F

M*G[4`T+W%!/V`5M!-7[L7LHRQ'T!#IKOPEZ4N44C9V@E-1DAJIV?Q[39K!

AIGAB81


%/<DLL2?
MB-3&SH,:0`A%]ZAY<JKH@@4T_)<_:[QN6;SS[2!V+]!U#E.&ILL:MR2`4V
M?6!2ZZS

IHKKS9S6\$B`J)_U!Q?FY8

+-HH#!VKW9%6L7-



M#DH:4J.%JL91`W:]J`9'3*;?VQN(9BB4=OQPU#B=#MUX844\T]4JOPAA^]MP
MU228A=$R1TY2.1%*#=4.'$Y1:'@\4G04*H5!/V^C$WA:?:!(J)IAJZBC(.


6)#OU!
^71I<W[@[U(L5?#3/BP




F.1D1K/'

J
@

MPW:CD1ER#_V:M.Z^L-\_7^Q)U%CF@6O;B[)4ADJ\:A)0`:19P*IN[A\.S?V'


M]*DT8W9II2D\^OVA@7T\L8H.+(\ZJ94N_M
J.C$8N
D&(`O5'#0RG5VZA\!M

MY8+%%&K/0):V4
]!
M&9U89?
Y<I<$,[DQK*DUU51;FL8='![#&F_&I970UK
MZ12C4SHE,PJK(#%X3+,;N&PJ;VII\HI
I[`S?Y6O.8.]V
4^S`ZD?.!VCMY
M:B

8E)FP'`TG@U


W\X9



YX$'#RD!Z*#@
M80A0@
+E\)6


$^W-A^%DS-'^F+<0]?F(57@!RW?O$&9




%
MH!)B^_Y


WHRMP:_%8BP[(JPRZR79+$]OR&%;MK

M]2)VT;



M!29:2NE/%JNX9?XF\VOJRW&M/$++Y;C\Q.NRW

!VC:-(SOMX9V+'322V6U-



#W``Y/1;E
8ME%QHLO@0=$

.@P3`
0YHO@3VDKUQ_@=Q
MJR
5%TR0$1D]S8`!!.


(30Z.OC
*S@



AC^+WD6A0X@;7U-)

$92/@YO+*(P^R0X<'LJ91B'@8RIA;M%MO4#JSV=


+:RRUGK)QZUH.5
M==%;IBW,#E_N-)ZA!2DQEIMF]'U*R_4OUAVXWI;$8W'E$
V-O!2



M!8M3D6WYV(

[H):VN=W42'PV2S0_+\=/PR


ME;&!:#R$/M0.\J9(G?)6DJ\R?T1YJRA^I3U2Y[FUY&7J;L2S.G#QIT^^-R\N


A;6Y`13X\6EKG4`7.H


MDF%S3/Y+XN9U8;:7W5CR7MNU#]CY$

M-8`ZB)VDI*NRCN\MO:H=;#3M4I`(6/826&



1:?)
M0%JC-^
XN(7*7'#C'
:




MN$X#ERY!XL0I3N.!R9;'1F4;^B?8;9M\:1VXV1YL6:4)M5S:YS8'['RS4\TL
MHX^W5?B^Y5:AYW=_9`ZI[/4?!7H




?A?LG?G.4
M4N;OH/B



M!T:*`^X/L(Q1%52Y6JY\L,-(0])Z/R6CUD8Z1T1P\7/^HAX`J'K17K*B0(



TTJW/@ELY'0
MP2BQ`*67



9K`_Q-L/&62:X@@
MFC`;Y6%`S0;]085)LVD)_JO9'$0\35B
R@B@QH+^.
6DL:A#_FHG9:S7L$^F
M-`BHM:`_]3'KD;4`_G6K?C3\%0+_(_0G4_@WZZ]G!9Q(M`$+`7\=:A_H3\8

H\3[(^-\.J-R6(9!]4;HZ=R,JB::JUA4+!H


'O//H+8Q^$K7Q9S]'48T2D@4(

2FPTL5X-.S5Y
MX
0#F_L_BN-DVQ?]T`2.HUE/XX#]TN0QJGMWT7AVHL%:YUB'T:SS-40;24=
M',J66-7\]



MAK+


M8-


]!2A:$Q9)
]N\17*FD
M

-\
(]TF7%-WT;7-[OB!+*

M[6IRPSBJ:^92::HT?2^TQ[FQU:E;\2_L?T]V3.AO_C]02P
$%`````@`349\
M0A&O-SA3#P``N*L``!$`'`!A;F9C+3(P
3(Q
C

M0U/O\'1`U*GV^-MM]\MO^GOKPV-W\8OQY?7.LDVJGWW:S5XI'Q[N5$T=N8]\


PP[$VV
MH1HWNWRW)5T@:@
5
:D:\!4SQ1E`!7'9RE3.N9.A77\R&@0





B
M(H)MBVA3XWOG\]8D%HAQF*[A@L?HD4B85*RKMEZ-)U0ED\6[X+N[/@`#9EA
MIQJ

K

_WI$*^G]`;;6


)8W4742GQ8E)*T?G;1*=


/69SJ0Y


2%IC:W'+G3)'*O.BA\#`J?XW2A\$DH]B@4/NMPL1UA
M:CII^^ER1`ULJ!3K8\/BII

M6W+/]'MHK@.3:)2/L$IU&DXL\MMR#

8)JRQ


'(9

X]`RA'`<F#T:@#8
MRP$P%?W7!+!W!+`<&!,QNW-Z3VH`&?+*`4VE$&H&CSK@(&-GLC
AB^70@Y2
M*C&0/











:YYS_]EU]U
K

R;=









M4X8D@47N2TWV6X5V%N:N@FFW9&%!3210@81E=.MMQU$TR3%A9.C7C%A(T;

MKET4%*Q-FEN:_(48NLMNVV6)F]!L!VRSA0#1^97HQ/O(D7QM#DD3C)@P#FV(




M

M(ZFES
L@J+Z*A_D!5GGX:RKN+

M+`B18Q9C0Q4CF%C'3\B#
T/=Z%@E






#$R
3(S


M4@``$:
$`!4`&````````0```*2!HBP!`&%N9F
M
C`Q
C$R
S%?;&%B+GAM


4`````!-1GQ$:\W
M.%

 'defref_ANFC_IncomeTaxesDetailsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxAdjustmentsSettlementsAndUnusualProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_OilAndGasPropertiesDetailsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetRetirementObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_LiabilitiesIncurredForNewWellsPlacedInProduction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_LiabilitiesIncurredForNewWellsPlacedInProduction1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetRetirementObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_CommonStockIssuedForTerminatedOilGasAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueAcquisitions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesAcquisitions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedGoodsAndNonemployeeServicesTransactionStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedGoodsAndNonemployeeServicesTransactionSharesApprovedForIssuance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_CommonStockOptionsGrantedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_CommonStockOptionsGrantedForServicesRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_CommonStockIssuedForTerminatedOilGasAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_CommonStockIssuedForTerminatedOilGasAcquisitionShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_CommonStockOptionsGrantedForServicesRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_CommonStockWarrantsGrantedAsFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_CommonStockWarrantsGrantedAsFinancingCostsRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_LitigationSettlementAndContingentConsiderationReceivableTablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_ContingencyConsiderationReceivableAndRelatedRoyaltiesPayableTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_OilAndGasPropertiesDetailsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductiveOilWellsNumberOfWellsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ANFC_NumberOfProductiveOilWells'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 11pt/115% Calibri
 Helvetica

